DAY 1:
They're sending me to Vzdcyr next. I've got supplies for 366 days. Apparently this new planet is teeming with life. No fewer than 11350 distinct candidate research species are outlined in the briefing. Supposedly this planet is also mineral rich. The probes found 1130 valuable mineral traces while they were there. I guess I should try to get some sleep now. Tomorrow is going to be rough. 


DAY 2:
Came across a new looking animal while walking a forest today. Didn't appear to notice me. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was green, pink and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 3 light receptors. It moved by brachiating through the forest. A troublingly one of a kind occurrence.


DAY 3:
Found a ochre and orange crystal to add to the samples. It's a mostly opaque orthorhombic crystal.


DAY 4:
Discovered a tall grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture.


DAY 5:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark has a subtle prismatic color and is rough patterned. The leaves are small, long needle, and pink. The fruit is a oblong small berry with a textured shell that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a fibrous texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 6:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a purple metal that appears iridescent if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 7:



DAY 8:



DAY 9:



DAY 10:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a brown crystal that appears green if you hold it to the light just right. It's a mostly opaque orthorhombic crystal.


DAY 11:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 12:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark of this tree is rough patterned and has a web of orange veins across it. The leaves are bath mat-sized, ovoid, and teal. The fruit is a spiky human-sized fruit with a leathery skin that is yellow on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a firm texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 13:



DAY 14:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 15:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 352 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 16:
Took samples from a tall grass. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 17:
Accidentally angered an animal today while hiking in an alluvial valley. I'm skipping this area this time around. Not worth it. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 3 light receptors and opalescent and white armor scaled skin. And it was large. Easily 100 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 18:
Found an interesting filamentous virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 19:



DAY 20:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with white and orange.


DAY 21:
Took samples from a cluster grass. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 22:
Came across a fucked up looking animal while walking through a highland desert today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have armor scaled skin that was ochre, red and splotchy. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking proboscis and 3 light receptors. It moved by undulating through the highland desert. A marvelously impressive event.


DAY 23:



DAY 24:



DAY 25:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while delving a fissure today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have prickly skin that was orange, ochre and spotted. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a baleen mouth and 7 focusing lens eyes. It moved by walking through the fissure. A truly new occurrence.


DAY 26:
I was attacked today while crossing some woodland. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 3 light receptors and brown and maroon ridged chitin. And it was large. Easily 100 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 27:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark of this tree is rough patterned and has a web of pink veins across it. The leaves are small, rectangular, and maroon. The fruit is a sickle-shaped pebble-sized berry with a leathery skin that is black on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's teal and has a mushy texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 28:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 29:
Another tree discovered. It's 32 meters tall and 1.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark of this tree is spined and has a web of green veins across it. The leaves are bath mat-sized, long needle, and white. The fruit is a oblong small berry with a smooth shell that is ochre on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's brown and has a fleshy texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 30:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a opalescent rock that appears orange if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 31:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 32:
I was exploring a glacial lake today and disturbed one of the local animals. It seems to have given me a shattered humurus and a battered gut. Not sure if it was a defensive attack or if it was hunting me. I'm lucky I'm not dead. The creature was huge. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 1250 kg.


DAY 33:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 334 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 34:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a prismatic metal that appears ochre if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 35:
Came across a uncomfortable looking animal while crossing a forest today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have furry skin that was tan, orange and crystalline-patterned. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a long beak and 9 light receptors. It moved by slithering through the forest. A very interesting event.


DAY 36:



DAY 37:
Discovered a herb today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture. The herb has a white sun burst flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 38:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 39:
Came across a new looking animal while exploring a desert today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was brown, orange and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a scissor and enzyme mouth and 6 focusing lens eyes. It moved by flying through the desert. A troublingly uncomfortable creature.


DAY 40:



DAY 41:
Found a cluster grass for the archives today. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 42:
Found an interesting spherical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 43:
Found a ochre and tan crystal to add to the samples. It's a opaque triclinic crystal.


DAY 44:



DAY 45:
I was walking through a desert today and disturbed one of the local animals. Feels like I have a cut ulna and a broken rib. I'm not going back there. Not worth it. Not on a solo mission. Whatever it was that attacked me it was behemoth. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the desert as it came towards me was terrifying.


DAY 46:
Taking the day to rest, read over the specimen logs, and drink another glass of the whiskey I brought along. It hasn't been as bad as it could be, but my body is feeling pretty beat up so hiding in the bubble for awhile seems like the best option. Just 321 days left before I fly the fuck outta here. Hopefully these specimens I've captured will be worth enough to float me for awhile.


DAY 47:



DAY 48:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a opalescent crystal that appears red if you hold it to the light just right. Looks like a mostly transparent hexagonal crystalline structure. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 49:
Got some nausea from coming into contact with an alien virus today.


DAY 50:
Accidentally angered an animal today while hiking in some tundra. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. The creature was large. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 250 kg.


DAY 51:
Came across a uncomfortable looking animal while walking through a desert today. Didn't appear to notice me. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was prismatic, orange and tessellated. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 2 light receptors. It moved by walking through the desert. A troublingly bizarre animal.


DAY 52:
Another tree discovered. It's 12 meters tall and 0.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. It's got brown bark that's rough and deep-ridged to touch. The leaves are tiny, short needle, and black. The fruit is a spherical human-sized fruit with a textured shell that is maroon on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a mushy texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 53:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 54:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark of this tree is spined and has a web of pink veins across it. The leaves are small, ovoid, and white. The fruit is a oblong pebble-sized berry with a smooth shell that is maroon on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a mushy texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 55:
Another tree discovered. It's 20 meters tall and 3.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark is smooth and yellow. The leaves are tiny, long needle, and blue. The fruit is a spherical human-sized fruit with a soft skin that is ochre on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's iridescent and has a mushy texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 56:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark of this tree is smooth and has a web of white veins across it. The leaves are bath mat-sized, short needle, and white. The fruit is a ridged pebble-sized berry with a textured shell that is white on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's white and has a firm texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 57:



DAY 58:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with brown and tan.


DAY 59:
Found a blue and red metal to add to the samples.


DAY 60:
Discovered a cactus today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture. The cactus has a maroon sun burst flower that smells fruity.


DAY 61:
Discovered a moss today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture. The moss has a white prismatic flower that smells spiced.


DAY 62:
Came across a impressive looking animal while walking a forest today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have armor scaled skin that was prismatic, ochre and splotchy. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a long beak and 2 compound eyes. It moved by crawling through the forest. A troublingly interesting animal.


DAY 63:



DAY 64:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark has a subtle red color and is spined. The leaves are tiny, short needle, and white. The fruit is a oblong human-sized fruit with a spiny husk that is pink on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's pink and has a crisp texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 65:
Came across a uncomfortable looking animal while exploring a forest today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have smooth chitin that was brown, white and striped. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth and 4 light receptors. It moved by propulsing through the forest. A troublingly impressive creature.


DAY 66:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a ochre metal that appears pink if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 67:
Found a black and ochre metal to add to the samples.


DAY 68:



DAY 69:
Found a moss for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The moss has a ochre lipped flower that smells spiced.


DAY 70:
I set out to delving a pit early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. Whatever it was that attacked me it was large. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the pit as it came towards me was terrifying.


DAY 71:
Came across a new looking animal while walking some woodland today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was teal, opalescent and crystalline-patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 9 compound eyes. It moved by brachiating through the woodland. A truly uncomfortable sight.


DAY 72:



DAY 73:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 74:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with yellow and orange.


DAY 75:
Came across a unique looking animal while boating on a lake today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was red, blue and tessellated. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a baleen mouth and 5 compound eyes. It moved by crawling through the lake. A troublingly fucked up creature.


DAY 76:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark of this tree is smooth and has a web of white veins across it. The leaves are tiny, ovoid, and maroon. The fruit is a toroid human-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is green on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a firm texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 77:
Took samples from a cluster grass. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 78:



DAY 79:
Took samples from a tall grass. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 80:
Found a tan and ochre crystal to add to the samples. It's a translucent cubic crystal.


DAY 81:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with maroon and yellow. Material doesn't appear to have any energy potential or interesting properties.


DAY 82:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 83:



DAY 84:
Found a short grass for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture.


DAY 85:



DAY 86:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark is spined and blue. The leaves are bath mat-sized, toroid, and blue. The fruit is a ridged head-sized fruit with a spiny husk that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a fleshy texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 87:



DAY 88:
I was attacked today while exploring a lake. I'm going to leave this area for a different expedition. Whatever it was that attacked me it was gigantic. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the lake as it came towards me was terrifying.


DAY 89:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 90:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 91:



DAY 92:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 48 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.5 meters. The bark of this tree is bumpy and has a web of prismatic veins across it. The leaves are tiny, long needle, and black. The fruit is a oblong head-sized fruit with a leathery skin that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a fibrous texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 93:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 94:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with ochre and white.


DAY 95:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with ochre and black. Looks like a opaque hexagonal crystalline structure.


DAY 96:



DAY 97:
Came across a impressive looking animal while walking some woodland today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have smooth chitin that was white, opalescent and splotchy. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 3 light receptors. It moved by brachiating through the woodland. A marvelously interesting creature.


DAY 98:
Discovered a cactus today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture. The cactus has a blue pronged flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 99:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 100:
Discovered a herb today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture. The herb has a yellow prismatic flower that smells fruity.


DAY 101:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 102:
Found a red and teal rock to add to the samples.


DAY 103:
Found a purple and green rock to add to the samples. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 104:
Came across a impressive looking animal while hiking in an alluvial valley today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have soft skin that was yellow, maroon and spotted. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a scissor and enzyme mouth and 3 compound eyes. It moved by undulating through the alluvial valley. A very one of a kind animal.


DAY 105:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 106:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 261 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 107:
Took samples from a succulent. It has a prickly texture. The succulent has a red sun burst flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 108:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 109:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with iridescent and red.


DAY 110:



DAY 111:
I found one of the trees today, a fairly small one at around 1 meters tall. Looks almost like an orchard of them. The bark of this tree is rough and deep-ridged and has a web of iridescent veins across it. The leaves are bath mat-sized, long needle, and pink. The fruit is a spherical cluster berry with a smooth shell that is iridescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's red and has a firm texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 112:
Found an interesting helical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 113:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a pink metal that appears red if you hold it to the light just right. Other than it's looks the sample seems like a dud.


DAY 114:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 120 meters tall and with a diameter of around 18.5 meters. The bark is spined and green. The leaves are bath mat-sized, toroid, and opalescent. The fruit is a ridged head-sized fruit with a spiny husk that is pink on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a mushy texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 115:



DAY 116:
Found an interesting filamentous virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 117:
I was exploring some woodland today and disturbed one of the local animals. I saw it coming from a ways away, thank god, and was able to retreat to a safe place. The creature was behemoth. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 160000 kg.


DAY 118:
Found an interesting spherical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 119:
Found a pink and opalescent rock to add to the samples.


DAY 120:
Found a cactus for the archives today. It has a prickly texture. The cactus has a brown fluffball flower that smells slightly sweet.


DAY 121:



DAY 122:
I set out to delving a fissure early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. I'm skipping this area this time around. Not worth it. Whatever it was that attacked me it was behemoth. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the fissure as it came towards me was frightening.


DAY 123:
Found a red and teal metal to add to the samples.


DAY 124:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with maroon and pink. It's a translucent cubic crystal.


DAY 125:
Accidentally angered an animal today while exploring a pit. Not sure if it was defensive or hungry but I'm lucky to have gotten away. The creature was gigantic. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 10000 kg.


DAY 126:
Found an interesting helical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 127:
Something on this planet just gave me the shits. Lucky it wasn't something worse.


DAY 128:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 239 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 129:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 130:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 131:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 132:
Found a cluster grass for the archives today. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 133:



DAY 134:
Another tree discovered. It's 12 meters tall and 0.125 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark has a subtle prismatic color and is smooth. The leaves are plate-sized, long needle, and pink. The fruit is a spherical pebble-sized berry with a textured shell that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's teal and has a crisp texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 135:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a blue crystal that appears tan if you hold it to the light just right. It's a opaque trigonal crystal. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 136:
Accidentally angered an animal today while crossing a forest. I'm going to leave this area for a different expedition. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 10 focusing lens eyes and pink and opalescent smooth chitin. And it was gigantic. Easily 1250 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 137:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with pink and teal. Looks like a mostly opaque monoclinic crystalline structure.


DAY 138:
I set out to swimming in a sea early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. The creature was large. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 250 kg.


DAY 139:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 140:



DAY 141:
Found a white and teal crystal to add to the samples. It's a translucent triclinic crystal. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 142:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with opalescent and brown.


DAY 143:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 188 meters tall and with a diameter of around 8.0 meters. The bark has a subtle red color and is spined. The leaves are hand-sized, pronged, and tan. The fruit is a oblong human-sized fruit with a soft skin that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's yellow and has a mealy texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 144:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with tan and prismatic. Looks like a transparent hexagonal crystalline structure. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 145:
Found a iridescent and white crystal to add to the samples. It's a opaque orthorhombic crystal. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 146:



DAY 147:
Came across a new looking animal while walking through some woodland today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was tan, blue and spotted. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a baleen mouth and 10 focusing lens eyes. It moved by walking through the woodland. A very one of a kind animal.


DAY 148:
Took samples from a cluster grass. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 149:



DAY 150:



DAY 151:



DAY 152:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while walking a forest today. Didn't appear to notice me. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have smooth chitin that was prismatic, teal and crystalline-patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 7 compound eyes. It moved by flying through the forest. A troublingly uncomfortable animal.


DAY 153:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 154:
Came across a uncomfortable looking animal while exploring some tundra today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was yellow, opalescent and splotchy. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a bill and 9 compound eyes. It moved by slithering through the tundra. A marvelously interesting creature.


DAY 155:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 156:
The virus I came into contact today must've infected me. Running a fever and was getting delirious. In the autodoc now.


DAY 157:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 210 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 158:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with maroon and yellow. It's a opaque trigonal crystal. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 159:



DAY 160:



DAY 161:
I set out to crossing a highland desert early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. The creature was large. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 250 kg.


DAY 162:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 163:



DAY 164:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark has a subtle red color and is spined. The leaves are hand-sized, short needle, and teal. The fruit is a ridged small berry with a textured shell that is orange on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's orange and has a fleshy texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 165:
Took samples from a herb. It has a prickly texture. The herb has a red sun burst flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 166:
I set out to exploring a pit early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. I'm skipping this area this time around. Not worth it. Whatever it was that attacked me it was gigantic. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the pit as it came towards me was frightening.


DAY 167:
Came across a new looking animal while crossing some woodland today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was green, opalescent and mottled. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 4 focusing lens eyes. It moved by slithering through the woodland. A truly fucked up sight.


DAY 168:



DAY 169:
Came across a fucked up looking animal while walking a highland desert today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have ridged chitin that was teal, red and splotchy. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 10 compound eyes. It moved by propulsing through the highland desert. A truly fucked up animal.


DAY 170:
Took samples from a cluster grass. It has a prickly texture.


DAY 171:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 32 meters tall and with a diameter of around 2.0 meters. The bark is rough and deep-ridged and blue. The leaves are human-sized, short needle, and iridescent. The fruit is a toroid pebble-sized berry with a smooth shell that is prismatic on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a fleshy texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 172:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 173:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 194 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 174:



DAY 175:
Another tree discovered. It's 188 meters tall and 3.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark has a subtle teal color and is spined. The leaves are small, long needle, and opalescent. The fruit is a sickle-shaped human-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is red on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's tan and has a mushy texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 176:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a teal rock that appears blue if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 177:



DAY 178:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with maroon and pink. It's a translucent cubic crystal.


DAY 179:
Discovered a cactus today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture. The cactus has a green lipped flower that smells fruity.


DAY 180:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 32 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.25 meters. The bark has a subtle prismatic color and is rough patterned. The leaves are plate-sized, long needle, and ochre. The fruit is a ridged head-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is purple on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a mealy texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 181:



DAY 182:



DAY 183:
Took samples from a cactus. It has a fuzzy texture. The cactus has a yellow crystalline flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 184:



DAY 185:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 186:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 187:
Took samples from a cluster grass. It has a fuzzy texture.


DAY 188:
Found a pink and prismatic rock to add to the samples. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 189:
Found a white and yellow crystal to add to the samples. Looks like a mostly opaque tetragonal crystalline structure. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 190:
Found an interesting filamentous virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 191:



DAY 192:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 193:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with tan and green. It's a translucent hexagonal crystal. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 194:



DAY 195:



DAY 196:
Came across a fucked up looking animal while crossing a forest today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have armor scaled skin that was green, blue and splotchy. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a scissor and enzyme mouth and 7 light receptors. It moved by crawling through the forest. A very unique sight.


DAY 197:
I was attacked today while crossing some tundra. I saw it coming from a ways away, thank god, and was able to retreat to a safe place. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 2 focusing lens eyes and green and white ridged chitin. And it was behemoth. Easily 10000 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 198:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with maroon and orange. It's a translucent orthorhombic crystal. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 199:
Another tree discovered. It's 6 meters tall and 0.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. It's got opalescent bark that's bumpy to touch. The leaves are small, pronged, and orange. The fruit is a spiky human-sized fruit with a soft skin that is red on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's iridescent and has a mushy texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 200:
I set out to exploring a pit early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. The creature was huge. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 1250 kg.


DAY 201:
I was crossing a forest today and disturbed one of the local animals. I saw it coming from a ways away, thank god, and was able to retreat to a safe place. Whatever it was that attacked me it was gigantic. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the forest as it came towards me was telling.


DAY 202:
It's a big one today -- a 188 meter tall tree. The bark is bumpy and purple. The leaves are bath mat-sized, long needle, and tan. The fruit is a toroid pebble-sized berry with a soft skin that is white on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's tan and has a crisp texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 203:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 32 meters tall and with a diameter of around 1.0 meters. The bark has a subtle black color and is spined. The leaves are bath mat-sized, toroid, and blue. The fruit is a ridged pebble-sized berry with a smooth shell that is green on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a fleshy texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 204:
Discovered a moss today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture. The moss has a brown fluffball flower that smells scentless.


DAY 205:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a teal metal that appears white if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 206:
I set out to swimming in an inland sea early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. Whatever it was that attacked me it was large. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the sea as it came towards me was tremendous.


DAY 207:
Came across a new looking animal while exploring a sea today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have armor scaled skin that was opalescent, green and splotchy. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 9 compound eyes. It moved by crawling through the sea. A truly unique animal.


DAY 208:



DAY 209:



DAY 210:



DAY 211:
Discovered a moss today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture. The moss has a white fluffball flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 212:
Found an interesting filamentous virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 213:
Found a brown and maroon rock to add to the samples. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 214:
Discovered a succulent today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture. The succulent has a red lipped flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 215:
Took samples from a short grass. It has a prickly texture.


DAY 216:



DAY 217:
Found a black and green metal to add to the samples.


DAY 218:



DAY 219:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a yellow rock that appears opalescent if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 220:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with ochre and black. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 221:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 222:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 145 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 223:



DAY 224:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with iridescent and orange.


DAY 225:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 226:
Another tree discovered. It's 48 meters tall and 8.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark has a subtle white color and is smooth. The leaves are human-sized, rectangular, and teal. The fruit is a ridged pebble-sized berry with a smooth shell that is prismatic on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's orange and has a hard texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 227:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with purple and red.


DAY 228:
Another tree discovered. It's 6 meters tall and 1.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark is smooth and pink. The leaves are hand-sized, long needle, and white. The fruit is a ridged human-sized fruit with a textured shell that is white on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a crisp texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 229:
Found an interesting spherical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 230:
Found an interesting spherical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 231:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 232:
Another tree discovered. It's 12 meters tall and 1.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark has a subtle yellow color and is spined. The leaves are tiny, long needle, and pink. The fruit is a spherical pebble-sized berry with a textured shell that is black on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's white and has a mealy texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 233:



DAY 234:
I was walking some woodland today and disturbed one of the local animals. Not sure if it was defensive or hungry but I'm lucky to have gotten away. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 9 focusing lens eyes and pink and green flabby skin. And it was behemoth. Easily 10000 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 235:
Another tree discovered. It's 12 meters tall and 0.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark is rough and deep-ridged and ochre. The leaves are plate-sized, rectangular, and prismatic. The fruit is a sickle-shaped cluster berry with a leathery skin that is opalescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's pink and has a fibrous texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 236:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark has a subtle maroon color and is smooth. The leaves are human-sized, pronged, and maroon. The fruit is a spherical small berry with a soft skin that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a mushy texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 237:



DAY 238:



DAY 239:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 120 meters tall and with a diameter of around 8.0 meters. The bark has a subtle prismatic color and is bumpy. The leaves are human-sized, long needle, and brown. The fruit is a spherical head-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is black on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's red and has a fibrous texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 240:
Found a succulent for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The succulent has a brown pronged flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 241:
Found a tan and pink rock to add to the samples. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 242:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 243:
Came across a unique looking animal while exploring some woodland today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have soft skin that was pink, purple and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 2 compound eyes. It moved by propulsing through the woodland. A very one of a kind occurrence.


DAY 244:
Came across a unique looking animal while walking some woodland today. Didn't appear to notice me. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have leathery skin that was pink, brown and striped. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a scissor and enzyme mouth and 4 light receptors. It moved by slithering through the woodland. A troublingly impressive occurrence.


DAY 245:



DAY 246:
A little guy today, a tree just 6 meters tall and 0.5 across. It's got teal bark that's bumpy to touch. The leaves are small, pronged, and iridescent. The fruit is a spherical human-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's tan and has a mealy texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 247:
Took samples from a herb. It has a prickly texture. The herb has a brown pronged flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 248:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 249:
Found a herb for the archives today. It has a smooth texture. The herb has a teal prismatic flower that smells fruity.


DAY 250:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a blue rock that appears pink if you hold it to the light just right. Material doesn't appear to have any energy potential or interesting properties.


DAY 251:



DAY 252:



DAY 253:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 254:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 113 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 255:
Found a tree today must've been about 92 meters tall. Truly a monster. It's got black bark that's spined to touch. The leaves are small, long needle, and black. The fruit is a sickle-shaped small berry with a textured shell that is orange on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a fibrous texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 256:



DAY 257:
Discovered a tall grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture.


DAY 258:



DAY 259:



DAY 260:
Came across a impressive looking animal while walking a desert today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was yellow, maroon and spotted. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a bill and 8 light receptors. It moved by drifting through the desert. A marvelously unique event.


DAY 261:
I set out to walking a forest early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. I think I have a bruised kidney and a fractured clavicle, I'll have to wait for the autodoc to finish it's analysis though. I'm leaving this area. Going back to the last known safe place to rest in the pod. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 9 focusing lens eyes and blue and maroon smooth chitin. And it was huge. Easily 250 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 262:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 105 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 263:



DAY 264:
Discovered a lichen today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture. The lichen has a iridescent clustered flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 265:
Came across a interesting looking animal while exploring a forest today. Didn't appear to notice me. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have smooth chitin that was brown, white and striped. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth and 4 light receptors. It moved by propulsing through the forest. A truly unique event.


DAY 266:



DAY 267:



DAY 268:
Discovered a lichen today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture. The lichen has a green clustered flower that smells fruity.


DAY 269:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 270:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 97 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 271:



DAY 272:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 273:
Took samples from a lichen. It has a prickly texture. The lichen has a prismatic crystalline flower that smells slightly sweet.


DAY 274:
Came across a interesting looking animal while exploring some woodland today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have leathery skin that was iridescent, blue and spotted. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking proboscis and 10 compound eyes. It moved by slithering through the woodland. A truly interesting thing.


DAY 275:
Something on this planet just gave me a rash. Lucky it wasn't something worse.


DAY 276:
Found a yellow and orange crystal to add to the samples. It's a opaque cubic crystal.


DAY 277:
Another one for the record books: 152 meters tall and 23.0 meters across. The bark is bumpy and prismatic. The leaves are plate-sized, pronged, and opalescent. The fruit is a toroid palm-sized fruit with a textured shell that is opalescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's yellow and has a hard texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 278:
Found a opalescent and prismatic crystal to add to the samples. It's a mostly opaque orthorhombic crystal.


DAY 279:
I was attacked today while walking through an alluvial valley. Not sure if it was defensive or hungry but I'm lucky to have gotten away. Whatever it was that attacked me it was behemoth. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the valley as it came towards me was terrifying.


DAY 280:
Found a maroon and black rock to add to the samples. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 281:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 282:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with green and brown. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 283:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. It's got ochre bark that's smooth to touch. The leaves are tiny, ovoid, and white. The fruit is a prism-like human-sized fruit with a textured shell that is iridescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a fleshy texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 284:
Found an interesting worm-like bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 285:
Came across a bizarre looking animal while delving a pit today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have furry skin that was iridescent, green and striped. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 4 compound eyes. It moved by crawling through the pit. A marvelously unique sight.


DAY 286:
Found a moss for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The moss has a opalescent prismatic flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 287:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with red and yellow.


DAY 288:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a green metal that appears yellow if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 289:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. It's got orange bark that's rough patterned to touch. The leaves are hand-sized, toroid, and purple. The fruit is a prism-like head-sized fruit with a soft skin that is red on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a firm texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 290:
Discovered a herb today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture. The herb has a prismatic lipped flower that smells fruity.


DAY 291:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 292:
Discovered a short grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture.


DAY 293:
Came across a fucked up looking animal while delving a fissure today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was brown, black and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking proboscis and 3 focusing lens eyes. It moved by crawling through the fissure. A truly impressive occurrence.


DAY 294:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a maroon rock that appears purple if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 295:
Came across a impressive looking animal while exploring a pit today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have smooth chitin that was prismatic, purple and tessellated. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth and 3 focusing lens eyes. It moved by crawling through the pit. A truly impressive sight.


DAY 296:
Discovered a moss today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture. The moss has a tan sun burst flower that smells hypnotic.


DAY 297:



DAY 298:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark is rough and deep-ridged and pink. The leaves are hand-sized, saw-toothed, and prismatic. The fruit is a spiky palm-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a hard texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 299:



DAY 300:
Discovered a cactus today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture. The cactus has a brown crystalline flower that smells fruity.


DAY 301:
Came across a new looking animal while exploring some tundra today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was orange, opalescent and splotchy. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth and 7 light receptors. It moved by undulating through the tundra. A troublingly unique sight.


DAY 302:
Came across a impressive looking animal while exploring a lake today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was opalescent, blue and tessellated. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 10 focusing lens eyes. It moved by drifting through the lake. A troublingly unique animal.


DAY 303:



DAY 304:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a iridescent metal that appears black if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 305:
Discovered a lichen today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture. The lichen has a ochre sun burst flower that smells fruity.


DAY 306:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a purple metal that appears green if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 307:
Another one for the record books: 188 meters tall and 18.5 meters across. It's got brown bark that's rough and deep-ridged to touch. The leaves are human-sized, pronged, and pink. The fruit is a spiky small berry with a leathery skin that is iridescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a hard texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 308:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark has a subtle orange color and is bumpy. The leaves are plate-sized, toroid, and red. The fruit is a spherical pebble-sized berry with a spiny husk that is white on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's white and has a fibrous texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 309:



DAY 310:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with green and prismatic. It's a transparent hexagonal crystal.


DAY 311:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 312:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 313:



DAY 314:
Another tree discovered. It's 120 meters tall and 0.125 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark is rough and deep-ridged and ochre. The leaves are hand-sized, pronged, and purple. The fruit is a spiky human-sized fruit with a soft skin that is yellow on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's purple and has a hard texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 315:
I was walking some woodland today and disturbed one of the local animals. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 2 light receptors and teal and green scaled skin. And it was behemoth. Easily 10000 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 316:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a ochre metal that appears red if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 317:



DAY 318:



DAY 319:
Discovered a short grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 320:
I was attacked today while delving a fissure. Not sure if it was defensive or hungry but I'm lucky to have gotten away. Whatever it was that attacked me it was gigantic. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the fissure as it came towards me was telling.


DAY 321:
Discovered a lichen today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture. The lichen has a maroon pronged flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 322:



DAY 323:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with yellow and purple.


DAY 324:



DAY 325:
Took samples from a tall grass. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 326:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 327:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 40 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 328:
Found a moss for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The moss has a white prismatic flower that smells spiced.


DAY 329:



DAY 330:



DAY 331:
Found an interesting worm-like bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 332:
Another tree discovered. It's 92 meters tall and 14.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. It's got purple bark that's bumpy to touch. The leaves are human-sized, pronged, and white. The fruit is a ridged palm-sized fruit with a soft skin that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a fleshy texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 333:



DAY 334:
Found a purple and brown metal to add to the samples.


DAY 335:



DAY 336:
Found a yellow and prismatic rock to add to the samples.


DAY 337:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with blue and black.


DAY 338:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 339:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 68 meters tall and with a diameter of around 5.5 meters. The bark has a subtle purple color and is rough patterned. The leaves are bath mat-sized, saw-toothed, and red. The fruit is a ridged human-sized fruit with a soft skin that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a fibrous texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 340:



DAY 341:
Found a opalescent and black rock to add to the samples. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 342:
I was attacked today while hiking some tundra. I saw it coming from a ways away, thank god, and was able to retreat to a safe place. Whatever it was that attacked me it was huge. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the tundra as it came towards me was frightening.


DAY 343:
Came across a unique looking animal while boating on an inland sea today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have armor scaled skin that was opalescent, green and mottled. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 4 compound eyes. It moved by drifting through the inland sea. A truly one of a kind sight.


DAY 344:



DAY 345:
Came across a impressive looking animal while crossing a forest today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have smooth chitin that was teal, prismatic and striped. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 2 compound eyes. It moved by slithering through the forest. A troublingly one of a kind thing.


DAY 346:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a tan metal that appears blue if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 347:
Found a yellow and iridescent rock to add to the samples.


DAY 348:



DAY 349:
Found a purple and black metal to add to the samples.


DAY 350:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 12 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.5 meters. It's got tan bark that's spined to touch. The leaves are hand-sized, toroid, and red. The fruit is a prism-like human-sized fruit with a leathery skin that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's pink and has a fleshy texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 351:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 352:
Came across a interesting looking animal while exploring a cave today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have leathery skin that was prismatic, red and spotted. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 4 focusing lens eyes. It moved by slithering through the cave. A troublingly impressive animal.


DAY 353:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark is spined and red. The leaves are plate-sized, toroid, and white. The fruit is a oblong human-sized fruit with a leathery skin that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's brown and has a mealy texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 354:
Found a succulent for the archives today. It has a leathery texture. The succulent has a purple pronged flower that smells rotten.


DAY 355:
Found a opalescent and teal crystal to add to the samples. It's a transparent tetragonal crystal.


DAY 356:
Found a ochre and maroon metal to add to the samples.


DAY 357:
Found a herb for the archives today. It has a smooth texture. The herb has a maroon sun burst flower that smells slightly sweet.


DAY 358:



DAY 359:



DAY 360:
Accidentally angered an animal today while exploring a pit. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 5 compound eyes and ochre and prismatic soft skin. And it was large. Easily 100 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 361:



DAY 362:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 363:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 364:
Another tree discovered. It's 92 meters tall and 0.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark is spined and orange. The leaves are tiny, pronged, and purple. The fruit is a oblong cluster berry with a spiny husk that is green on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's white and has a mushy texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 365:
Took samples from a moss. It has a fuzzy texture. The moss has a iridescent prismatic flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 366:
Came across a bizarre looking animal while crossing some woodland today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was teal, green and spotted. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 2 light receptors. It moved by slithering through the woodland. A troublingly one of a kind occurrence.


DAY 367:
Leaving Vzdcyr today after 367 days of exploring (and surviving) this place.I have 100 shells of ammunition left and 171 packs of medicine left and preliminary reports from base suggest my collection of specimens will be worth around 5374 credits. Not a bad haul. Possibly even worth the nightmares I've added to my brain's collection.


DAY 1:
They're sending me to Vzdcyr next. I've got supplies for 1075 days. Apparently this new planet is teeming with life. No fewer than 11350 distinct candidate research species are outlined in the briefing. Supposedly this planet is also mineral rich. The probes found 1130 valuable mineral traces while they were there. I guess I should try to get some sleep now. Tomorrow is going to be rough. 


DAY 2:
Came across a new looking animal while walking a forest today. Didn't appear to notice me. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was green, pink and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 3 light receptors. It moved by brachiating through the forest. A troublingly one of a kind occurrence.


DAY 3:
Found a ochre and orange crystal to add to the samples. It's a mostly opaque orthorhombic crystal.


DAY 4:
Discovered a tall grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture.


DAY 5:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark has a subtle prismatic color and is rough patterned. The leaves are small, long needle, and pink. The fruit is a oblong small berry with a textured shell that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a fibrous texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 6:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a purple metal that appears iridescent if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 7:



DAY 8:



DAY 9:



DAY 10:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a brown crystal that appears green if you hold it to the light just right. It's a mostly opaque orthorhombic crystal.


DAY 11:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 12:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark of this tree is rough patterned and has a web of orange veins across it. The leaves are bath mat-sized, ovoid, and teal. The fruit is a spiky human-sized fruit with a leathery skin that is yellow on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a firm texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 13:



DAY 14:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 15:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 1061 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 16:
Took samples from a tall grass. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 17:
Accidentally angered an animal today while hiking in an alluvial valley. I'm skipping this area this time around. Not worth it. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 3 light receptors and opalescent and white armor scaled skin. And it was large. Easily 100 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 18:
Found an interesting filamentous virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 19:



DAY 20:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with white and orange.


DAY 21:
Took samples from a cluster grass. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 22:
Came across a fucked up looking animal while walking through a highland desert today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have armor scaled skin that was ochre, red and splotchy. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking proboscis and 3 light receptors. It moved by undulating through the highland desert. A marvelously impressive event.


DAY 23:



DAY 24:



DAY 25:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while delving a fissure today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have prickly skin that was orange, ochre and spotted. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a baleen mouth and 7 focusing lens eyes. It moved by walking through the fissure. A truly new occurrence.


DAY 26:
I was attacked today while crossing some woodland. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 3 light receptors and brown and maroon ridged chitin. And it was large. Easily 100 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 27:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark of this tree is rough patterned and has a web of pink veins across it. The leaves are small, rectangular, and maroon. The fruit is a sickle-shaped pebble-sized berry with a leathery skin that is black on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's teal and has a mushy texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 28:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 29:
Another tree discovered. It's 32 meters tall and 1.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark of this tree is spined and has a web of green veins across it. The leaves are bath mat-sized, long needle, and white. The fruit is a oblong small berry with a smooth shell that is ochre on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's brown and has a fleshy texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 30:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a opalescent rock that appears orange if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 31:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 32:
I was exploring a glacial lake today and disturbed one of the local animals. It seems to have given me a shattered humurus and a battered gut. Not sure if it was a defensive attack or if it was hunting me. I'm lucky I'm not dead. The creature was huge. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 1250 kg.


DAY 33:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 1043 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 34:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a prismatic metal that appears ochre if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 35:
Came across a uncomfortable looking animal while crossing a forest today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have furry skin that was tan, orange and crystalline-patterned. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a long beak and 9 light receptors. It moved by slithering through the forest. A very interesting event.


DAY 36:



DAY 37:
Discovered a herb today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture. The herb has a white sun burst flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 38:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 39:
Came across a new looking animal while exploring a desert today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was brown, orange and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a scissor and enzyme mouth and 6 focusing lens eyes. It moved by flying through the desert. A troublingly uncomfortable creature.


DAY 40:



DAY 41:
Found a cluster grass for the archives today. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 42:
Found an interesting spherical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 43:
Found a ochre and tan crystal to add to the samples. It's a opaque triclinic crystal.


DAY 44:



DAY 45:
I was walking through a desert today and disturbed one of the local animals. Feels like I have a cut ulna and a broken rib. I'm not going back there. Not worth it. Not on a solo mission. Whatever it was that attacked me it was behemoth. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the desert as it came towards me was terrifying.


DAY 46:
Taking the day to rest, read over the specimen logs, and drink another glass of the whiskey I brought along. It hasn't been as bad as it could be, but my body is feeling pretty beat up so hiding in the bubble for awhile seems like the best option. Just 1030 days left before I fly the fuck outta here. Hopefully these specimens I've captured will be worth enough to float me for awhile.


DAY 47:



DAY 48:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a opalescent crystal that appears red if you hold it to the light just right. Looks like a mostly transparent hexagonal crystalline structure. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 49:
Got some nausea from coming into contact with an alien virus today.


DAY 50:
Accidentally angered an animal today while hiking in some tundra. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. The creature was large. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 250 kg.


DAY 51:
Came across a uncomfortable looking animal while walking through a desert today. Didn't appear to notice me. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was prismatic, orange and tessellated. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 2 light receptors. It moved by walking through the desert. A troublingly bizarre animal.


DAY 52:
Another tree discovered. It's 12 meters tall and 0.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. It's got brown bark that's rough and deep-ridged to touch. The leaves are tiny, short needle, and black. The fruit is a spherical human-sized fruit with a textured shell that is maroon on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a mushy texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 53:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 54:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark of this tree is spined and has a web of pink veins across it. The leaves are small, ovoid, and white. The fruit is a oblong pebble-sized berry with a smooth shell that is maroon on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a mushy texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 55:
Another tree discovered. It's 20 meters tall and 3.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark is smooth and yellow. The leaves are tiny, long needle, and blue. The fruit is a spherical human-sized fruit with a soft skin that is ochre on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's iridescent and has a mushy texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 56:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark of this tree is smooth and has a web of white veins across it. The leaves are bath mat-sized, short needle, and white. The fruit is a ridged pebble-sized berry with a textured shell that is white on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's white and has a firm texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 57:



DAY 58:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with brown and tan.


DAY 59:
Found a blue and red metal to add to the samples.


DAY 60:
Discovered a cactus today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture. The cactus has a maroon sun burst flower that smells fruity.


DAY 61:
Discovered a moss today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture. The moss has a white prismatic flower that smells spiced.


DAY 62:
Came across a impressive looking animal while walking a forest today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have armor scaled skin that was prismatic, ochre and splotchy. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a long beak and 2 compound eyes. It moved by crawling through the forest. A troublingly interesting animal.


DAY 63:



DAY 64:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark has a subtle red color and is spined. The leaves are tiny, short needle, and white. The fruit is a oblong human-sized fruit with a spiny husk that is pink on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's pink and has a crisp texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 65:
Came across a uncomfortable looking animal while exploring a forest today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have smooth chitin that was brown, white and striped. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth and 4 light receptors. It moved by propulsing through the forest. A troublingly impressive creature.


DAY 66:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a ochre metal that appears pink if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 67:
Found a black and ochre metal to add to the samples.


DAY 68:



DAY 69:
Found a moss for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The moss has a ochre lipped flower that smells spiced.


DAY 70:
I set out to delving a pit early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. Whatever it was that attacked me it was large. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the pit as it came towards me was terrifying.


DAY 71:
Came across a new looking animal while walking some woodland today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was teal, opalescent and crystalline-patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 9 compound eyes. It moved by brachiating through the woodland. A truly uncomfortable sight.


DAY 72:



DAY 73:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 74:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with yellow and orange.


DAY 75:
Came across a unique looking animal while boating on a lake today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was red, blue and tessellated. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a baleen mouth and 5 compound eyes. It moved by crawling through the lake. A troublingly fucked up creature.


DAY 76:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark of this tree is smooth and has a web of white veins across it. The leaves are tiny, ovoid, and maroon. The fruit is a toroid human-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is green on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a firm texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 77:
Took samples from a cluster grass. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 78:



DAY 79:
Took samples from a tall grass. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 80:
Found a tan and ochre crystal to add to the samples. It's a translucent cubic crystal.


DAY 81:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with maroon and yellow. Material doesn't appear to have any energy potential or interesting properties.


DAY 82:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 83:



DAY 84:
Found a short grass for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture.


DAY 85:



DAY 86:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark is spined and blue. The leaves are bath mat-sized, toroid, and blue. The fruit is a ridged head-sized fruit with a spiny husk that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a fleshy texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 87:



DAY 88:
I was attacked today while exploring a lake. I'm going to leave this area for a different expedition. Whatever it was that attacked me it was gigantic. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the lake as it came towards me was terrifying.


DAY 89:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 90:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 91:



DAY 92:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 48 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.5 meters. The bark of this tree is bumpy and has a web of prismatic veins across it. The leaves are tiny, long needle, and black. The fruit is a oblong head-sized fruit with a leathery skin that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a fibrous texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 93:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 94:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with ochre and white.


DAY 95:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with ochre and black. Looks like a opaque hexagonal crystalline structure.


DAY 96:



DAY 97:
Came across a impressive looking animal while walking some woodland today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have smooth chitin that was white, opalescent and splotchy. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 3 light receptors. It moved by brachiating through the woodland. A marvelously interesting creature.


DAY 98:
Discovered a cactus today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture. The cactus has a blue pronged flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 99:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 100:
Discovered a herb today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture. The herb has a yellow prismatic flower that smells fruity.


DAY 101:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 102:
Found a red and teal rock to add to the samples.


DAY 103:
Found a purple and green rock to add to the samples. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 104:
Came across a impressive looking animal while hiking in an alluvial valley today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have soft skin that was yellow, maroon and spotted. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a scissor and enzyme mouth and 3 compound eyes. It moved by undulating through the alluvial valley. A very one of a kind animal.


DAY 105:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 106:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 970 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 107:
Took samples from a succulent. It has a prickly texture. The succulent has a red sun burst flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 108:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 109:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with iridescent and red.


DAY 110:



DAY 111:
I found one of the trees today, a fairly small one at around 1 meters tall. Looks almost like an orchard of them. The bark of this tree is rough and deep-ridged and has a web of iridescent veins across it. The leaves are bath mat-sized, long needle, and pink. The fruit is a spherical cluster berry with a smooth shell that is iridescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's red and has a firm texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 112:
Found an interesting helical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 113:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a pink metal that appears red if you hold it to the light just right. Other than it's looks the sample seems like a dud.


DAY 114:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 120 meters tall and with a diameter of around 18.5 meters. The bark is spined and green. The leaves are bath mat-sized, toroid, and opalescent. The fruit is a ridged head-sized fruit with a spiny husk that is pink on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a mushy texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 115:



DAY 116:
Found an interesting filamentous virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 117:
I was exploring some woodland today and disturbed one of the local animals. I saw it coming from a ways away, thank god, and was able to retreat to a safe place. The creature was behemoth. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 160000 kg.


DAY 118:
Found an interesting spherical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 119:
Found a pink and opalescent rock to add to the samples.


DAY 120:
Found a cactus for the archives today. It has a prickly texture. The cactus has a brown fluffball flower that smells slightly sweet.


DAY 121:



DAY 122:
I set out to delving a fissure early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. I'm skipping this area this time around. Not worth it. Whatever it was that attacked me it was behemoth. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the fissure as it came towards me was frightening.


DAY 123:
Found a red and teal metal to add to the samples.


DAY 124:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with maroon and pink. It's a translucent cubic crystal.


DAY 125:
Accidentally angered an animal today while exploring a pit. Not sure if it was defensive or hungry but I'm lucky to have gotten away. The creature was gigantic. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 10000 kg.


DAY 126:
Found an interesting helical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 127:
Something on this planet just gave me the shits. Lucky it wasn't something worse.


DAY 128:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 948 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 129:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 130:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 131:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 132:
Found a cluster grass for the archives today. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 133:



DAY 134:
Another tree discovered. It's 12 meters tall and 0.125 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark has a subtle prismatic color and is smooth. The leaves are plate-sized, long needle, and pink. The fruit is a spherical pebble-sized berry with a textured shell that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's teal and has a crisp texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 135:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a blue crystal that appears tan if you hold it to the light just right. It's a opaque trigonal crystal. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 136:
Accidentally angered an animal today while crossing a forest. I'm going to leave this area for a different expedition. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 10 focusing lens eyes and pink and opalescent smooth chitin. And it was gigantic. Easily 1250 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 137:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with pink and teal. Looks like a mostly opaque monoclinic crystalline structure.


DAY 138:
I set out to swimming in a sea early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. The creature was large. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 250 kg.


DAY 139:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 140:



DAY 141:
Found a white and teal crystal to add to the samples. It's a translucent triclinic crystal. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 142:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with opalescent and brown.


DAY 143:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 188 meters tall and with a diameter of around 8.0 meters. The bark has a subtle red color and is spined. The leaves are hand-sized, pronged, and tan. The fruit is a oblong human-sized fruit with a soft skin that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's yellow and has a mealy texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 144:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with tan and prismatic. Looks like a transparent hexagonal crystalline structure. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 145:
Found a iridescent and white crystal to add to the samples. It's a opaque orthorhombic crystal. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 146:



DAY 147:
Came across a new looking animal while walking through some woodland today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was tan, blue and spotted. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a baleen mouth and 10 focusing lens eyes. It moved by walking through the woodland. A very one of a kind animal.


DAY 148:
Took samples from a cluster grass. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 149:



DAY 150:



DAY 151:



DAY 152:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while walking a forest today. Didn't appear to notice me. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have smooth chitin that was prismatic, teal and crystalline-patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 7 compound eyes. It moved by flying through the forest. A troublingly uncomfortable animal.


DAY 153:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 154:
Came across a uncomfortable looking animal while exploring some tundra today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was yellow, opalescent and splotchy. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a bill and 9 compound eyes. It moved by slithering through the tundra. A marvelously interesting creature.


DAY 155:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 156:
The virus I came into contact today must've infected me. Running a fever and was getting delirious. In the autodoc now.


DAY 157:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 919 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 158:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with maroon and yellow. It's a opaque trigonal crystal. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 159:



DAY 160:



DAY 161:
I set out to crossing a highland desert early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. The creature was large. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 250 kg.


DAY 162:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 163:



DAY 164:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark has a subtle red color and is spined. The leaves are hand-sized, short needle, and teal. The fruit is a ridged small berry with a textured shell that is orange on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's orange and has a fleshy texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 165:
Took samples from a herb. It has a prickly texture. The herb has a red sun burst flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 166:
I set out to exploring a pit early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. I'm skipping this area this time around. Not worth it. Whatever it was that attacked me it was gigantic. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the pit as it came towards me was frightening.


DAY 167:
Came across a new looking animal while crossing some woodland today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was green, opalescent and mottled. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 4 focusing lens eyes. It moved by slithering through the woodland. A truly fucked up sight.


DAY 168:



DAY 169:
Came across a fucked up looking animal while walking a highland desert today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have ridged chitin that was teal, red and splotchy. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 10 compound eyes. It moved by propulsing through the highland desert. A truly fucked up animal.


DAY 170:
Took samples from a cluster grass. It has a prickly texture.


DAY 171:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 32 meters tall and with a diameter of around 2.0 meters. The bark is rough and deep-ridged and blue. The leaves are human-sized, short needle, and iridescent. The fruit is a toroid pebble-sized berry with a smooth shell that is prismatic on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a fleshy texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 172:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 173:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 903 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 174:



DAY 175:
Another tree discovered. It's 188 meters tall and 3.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark has a subtle teal color and is spined. The leaves are small, long needle, and opalescent. The fruit is a sickle-shaped human-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is red on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's tan and has a mushy texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 176:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a teal rock that appears blue if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 177:



DAY 178:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with maroon and pink. It's a translucent cubic crystal.


DAY 179:
Discovered a cactus today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture. The cactus has a green lipped flower that smells fruity.


DAY 180:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 32 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.25 meters. The bark has a subtle prismatic color and is rough patterned. The leaves are plate-sized, long needle, and ochre. The fruit is a ridged head-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is purple on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a mealy texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 181:



DAY 182:



DAY 183:
Took samples from a cactus. It has a fuzzy texture. The cactus has a yellow crystalline flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 184:



DAY 185:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 186:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 187:
Took samples from a cluster grass. It has a fuzzy texture.


DAY 188:
Found a pink and prismatic rock to add to the samples. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 189:
Found a white and yellow crystal to add to the samples. Looks like a mostly opaque tetragonal crystalline structure. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 190:
Found an interesting filamentous virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 191:



DAY 192:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 193:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with tan and green. It's a translucent hexagonal crystal. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 194:



DAY 195:



DAY 196:
Came across a fucked up looking animal while crossing a forest today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have armor scaled skin that was green, blue and splotchy. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a scissor and enzyme mouth and 7 light receptors. It moved by crawling through the forest. A very unique sight.


DAY 197:
I was attacked today while crossing some tundra. I saw it coming from a ways away, thank god, and was able to retreat to a safe place. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 2 focusing lens eyes and green and white ridged chitin. And it was behemoth. Easily 10000 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 198:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with maroon and orange. It's a translucent orthorhombic crystal. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 199:
Another tree discovered. It's 6 meters tall and 0.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. It's got opalescent bark that's bumpy to touch. The leaves are small, pronged, and orange. The fruit is a spiky human-sized fruit with a soft skin that is red on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's iridescent and has a mushy texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 200:
I set out to exploring a pit early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. The creature was huge. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 1250 kg.


DAY 201:
I was crossing a forest today and disturbed one of the local animals. I saw it coming from a ways away, thank god, and was able to retreat to a safe place. Whatever it was that attacked me it was gigantic. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the forest as it came towards me was telling.


DAY 202:
It's a big one today -- a 188 meter tall tree. The bark is bumpy and purple. The leaves are bath mat-sized, long needle, and tan. The fruit is a toroid pebble-sized berry with a soft skin that is white on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's tan and has a crisp texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 203:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 32 meters tall and with a diameter of around 1.0 meters. The bark has a subtle black color and is spined. The leaves are bath mat-sized, toroid, and blue. The fruit is a ridged pebble-sized berry with a smooth shell that is green on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a fleshy texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 204:
Discovered a moss today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture. The moss has a brown fluffball flower that smells scentless.


DAY 205:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a teal metal that appears white if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 206:
I set out to swimming in an inland sea early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. Whatever it was that attacked me it was large. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the sea as it came towards me was tremendous.


DAY 207:
Came across a new looking animal while exploring a sea today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have armor scaled skin that was opalescent, green and splotchy. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 9 compound eyes. It moved by crawling through the sea. A truly unique animal.


DAY 208:



DAY 209:



DAY 210:



DAY 211:
Discovered a moss today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture. The moss has a white fluffball flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 212:
Found an interesting filamentous virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 213:
Found a brown and maroon rock to add to the samples. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 214:
Discovered a succulent today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture. The succulent has a red lipped flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 215:
Took samples from a short grass. It has a prickly texture.


DAY 216:



DAY 217:
Found a black and green metal to add to the samples.


DAY 218:



DAY 219:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a yellow rock that appears opalescent if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 220:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with ochre and black. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 221:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 222:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 854 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 223:



DAY 224:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with iridescent and orange.


DAY 225:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 226:
Another tree discovered. It's 48 meters tall and 8.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark has a subtle white color and is smooth. The leaves are human-sized, rectangular, and teal. The fruit is a ridged pebble-sized berry with a smooth shell that is prismatic on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's orange and has a hard texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 227:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with purple and red.


DAY 228:
Another tree discovered. It's 6 meters tall and 1.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark is smooth and pink. The leaves are hand-sized, long needle, and white. The fruit is a ridged human-sized fruit with a textured shell that is white on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a crisp texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 229:
Found an interesting spherical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 230:
Found an interesting spherical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 231:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 232:
Another tree discovered. It's 12 meters tall and 1.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark has a subtle yellow color and is spined. The leaves are tiny, long needle, and pink. The fruit is a spherical pebble-sized berry with a textured shell that is black on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's white and has a mealy texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 233:



DAY 234:
I was walking some woodland today and disturbed one of the local animals. Not sure if it was defensive or hungry but I'm lucky to have gotten away. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 9 focusing lens eyes and pink and green flabby skin. And it was behemoth. Easily 10000 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 235:
Another tree discovered. It's 12 meters tall and 0.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark is rough and deep-ridged and ochre. The leaves are plate-sized, rectangular, and prismatic. The fruit is a sickle-shaped cluster berry with a leathery skin that is opalescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's pink and has a fibrous texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 236:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark has a subtle maroon color and is smooth. The leaves are human-sized, pronged, and maroon. The fruit is a spherical small berry with a soft skin that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a mushy texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 237:



DAY 238:



DAY 239:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 120 meters tall and with a diameter of around 8.0 meters. The bark has a subtle prismatic color and is bumpy. The leaves are human-sized, long needle, and brown. The fruit is a spherical head-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is black on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's red and has a fibrous texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 240:
Found a succulent for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The succulent has a brown pronged flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 241:
Found a tan and pink rock to add to the samples. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 242:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 243:
Came across a unique looking animal while exploring some woodland today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have soft skin that was pink, purple and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 2 compound eyes. It moved by propulsing through the woodland. A very one of a kind occurrence.


DAY 244:
Came across a unique looking animal while walking some woodland today. Didn't appear to notice me. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have leathery skin that was pink, brown and striped. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a scissor and enzyme mouth and 4 light receptors. It moved by slithering through the woodland. A troublingly impressive occurrence.


DAY 245:



DAY 246:
A little guy today, a tree just 6 meters tall and 0.5 across. It's got teal bark that's bumpy to touch. The leaves are small, pronged, and iridescent. The fruit is a spherical human-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's tan and has a mealy texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 247:
Took samples from a herb. It has a prickly texture. The herb has a brown pronged flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 248:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 249:
Found a herb for the archives today. It has a smooth texture. The herb has a teal prismatic flower that smells fruity.


DAY 250:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a blue rock that appears pink if you hold it to the light just right. Material doesn't appear to have any energy potential or interesting properties.


DAY 251:



DAY 252:



DAY 253:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 254:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 822 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 255:
Found a tree today must've been about 92 meters tall. Truly a monster. It's got black bark that's spined to touch. The leaves are small, long needle, and black. The fruit is a sickle-shaped small berry with a textured shell that is orange on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a fibrous texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 256:



DAY 257:
Discovered a tall grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture.


DAY 258:



DAY 259:



DAY 260:
Came across a impressive looking animal while walking a desert today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was yellow, maroon and spotted. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a bill and 8 light receptors. It moved by drifting through the desert. A marvelously unique event.


DAY 261:
I set out to walking a forest early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. I think I have a bruised kidney and a fractured clavicle, I'll have to wait for the autodoc to finish it's analysis though. I'm leaving this area. Going back to the last known safe place to rest in the pod. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 9 focusing lens eyes and blue and maroon smooth chitin. And it was huge. Easily 250 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 262:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 814 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 263:



DAY 264:
Discovered a lichen today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture. The lichen has a iridescent clustered flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 265:
Came across a interesting looking animal while exploring a forest today. Didn't appear to notice me. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have smooth chitin that was brown, white and striped. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth and 4 light receptors. It moved by propulsing through the forest. A truly unique event.


DAY 266:



DAY 267:



DAY 268:
Discovered a lichen today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture. The lichen has a green clustered flower that smells fruity.


DAY 269:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 270:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 806 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 271:



DAY 272:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 273:
Took samples from a lichen. It has a prickly texture. The lichen has a prismatic crystalline flower that smells slightly sweet.


DAY 274:
Came across a interesting looking animal while exploring some woodland today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have leathery skin that was iridescent, blue and spotted. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking proboscis and 10 compound eyes. It moved by slithering through the woodland. A truly interesting thing.


DAY 275:
Something on this planet just gave me a rash. Lucky it wasn't something worse.


DAY 276:
Found a yellow and orange crystal to add to the samples. It's a opaque cubic crystal.


DAY 277:
Another one for the record books: 152 meters tall and 23.0 meters across. The bark is bumpy and prismatic. The leaves are plate-sized, pronged, and opalescent. The fruit is a toroid palm-sized fruit with a textured shell that is opalescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's yellow and has a hard texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 278:
Found a opalescent and prismatic crystal to add to the samples. It's a mostly opaque orthorhombic crystal.


DAY 279:
I was attacked today while walking through an alluvial valley. Not sure if it was defensive or hungry but I'm lucky to have gotten away. Whatever it was that attacked me it was behemoth. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the valley as it came towards me was terrifying.


DAY 280:
Found a maroon and black rock to add to the samples. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 281:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 282:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with green and brown. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 283:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. It's got ochre bark that's smooth to touch. The leaves are tiny, ovoid, and white. The fruit is a prism-like human-sized fruit with a textured shell that is iridescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a fleshy texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 284:
Found an interesting worm-like bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 285:
Came across a bizarre looking animal while delving a pit today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have furry skin that was iridescent, green and striped. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 4 compound eyes. It moved by crawling through the pit. A marvelously unique sight.


DAY 286:
Found a moss for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The moss has a opalescent prismatic flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 287:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with red and yellow.


DAY 288:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a green metal that appears yellow if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 289:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. It's got orange bark that's rough patterned to touch. The leaves are hand-sized, toroid, and purple. The fruit is a prism-like head-sized fruit with a soft skin that is red on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a firm texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 290:
Discovered a herb today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture. The herb has a prismatic lipped flower that smells fruity.


DAY 291:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 292:
Discovered a short grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture.


DAY 293:
Came across a fucked up looking animal while delving a fissure today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was brown, black and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking proboscis and 3 focusing lens eyes. It moved by crawling through the fissure. A truly impressive occurrence.


DAY 294:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a maroon rock that appears purple if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 295:
Came across a impressive looking animal while exploring a pit today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have smooth chitin that was prismatic, purple and tessellated. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth and 3 focusing lens eyes. It moved by crawling through the pit. A truly impressive sight.


DAY 296:
Discovered a moss today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture. The moss has a tan sun burst flower that smells hypnotic.


DAY 297:



DAY 298:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark is rough and deep-ridged and pink. The leaves are hand-sized, saw-toothed, and prismatic. The fruit is a spiky palm-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a hard texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 299:



DAY 300:
Discovered a cactus today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture. The cactus has a brown crystalline flower that smells fruity.


DAY 301:
Came across a new looking animal while exploring some tundra today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was orange, opalescent and splotchy. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth and 7 light receptors. It moved by undulating through the tundra. A troublingly unique sight.


DAY 302:
Came across a impressive looking animal while exploring a lake today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was opalescent, blue and tessellated. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 10 focusing lens eyes. It moved by drifting through the lake. A troublingly unique animal.


DAY 303:



DAY 304:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a iridescent metal that appears black if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 305:
Discovered a lichen today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture. The lichen has a ochre sun burst flower that smells fruity.


DAY 306:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a purple metal that appears green if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 307:
Another one for the record books: 188 meters tall and 18.5 meters across. It's got brown bark that's rough and deep-ridged to touch. The leaves are human-sized, pronged, and pink. The fruit is a spiky small berry with a leathery skin that is iridescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a hard texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 308:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark has a subtle orange color and is bumpy. The leaves are plate-sized, toroid, and red. The fruit is a spherical pebble-sized berry with a spiny husk that is white on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's white and has a fibrous texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 309:



DAY 310:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with green and prismatic. It's a transparent hexagonal crystal.


DAY 311:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 312:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 313:



DAY 314:
Another tree discovered. It's 120 meters tall and 0.125 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark is rough and deep-ridged and ochre. The leaves are hand-sized, pronged, and purple. The fruit is a spiky human-sized fruit with a soft skin that is yellow on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's purple and has a hard texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 315:
I was walking some woodland today and disturbed one of the local animals. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 2 light receptors and teal and green scaled skin. And it was behemoth. Easily 10000 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 316:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a ochre metal that appears red if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 317:



DAY 318:



DAY 319:
Discovered a short grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 320:
I was attacked today while delving a fissure. Not sure if it was defensive or hungry but I'm lucky to have gotten away. Whatever it was that attacked me it was gigantic. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the fissure as it came towards me was telling.


DAY 321:
Discovered a lichen today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture. The lichen has a maroon pronged flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 322:



DAY 323:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with yellow and purple.


DAY 324:



DAY 325:
Took samples from a tall grass. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 326:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 327:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 749 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 328:
Found a moss for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The moss has a white prismatic flower that smells spiced.


DAY 329:



DAY 330:



DAY 331:
Found an interesting worm-like bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 332:
Another tree discovered. It's 92 meters tall and 14.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. It's got purple bark that's bumpy to touch. The leaves are human-sized, pronged, and white. The fruit is a ridged palm-sized fruit with a soft skin that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a fleshy texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 333:



DAY 334:
Found a purple and brown metal to add to the samples.


DAY 335:



DAY 336:
Found a yellow and prismatic rock to add to the samples.


DAY 337:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with blue and black.


DAY 338:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 339:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 68 meters tall and with a diameter of around 5.5 meters. The bark has a subtle purple color and is rough patterned. The leaves are bath mat-sized, saw-toothed, and red. The fruit is a ridged human-sized fruit with a soft skin that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a fibrous texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 340:



DAY 341:
Found a opalescent and black rock to add to the samples. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 342:
I was attacked today while hiking some tundra. I saw it coming from a ways away, thank god, and was able to retreat to a safe place. Whatever it was that attacked me it was huge. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the tundra as it came towards me was frightening.


DAY 343:
Came across a unique looking animal while boating on an inland sea today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have armor scaled skin that was opalescent, green and mottled. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 4 compound eyes. It moved by drifting through the inland sea. A truly one of a kind sight.


DAY 344:



DAY 345:
Came across a impressive looking animal while crossing a forest today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have smooth chitin that was teal, prismatic and striped. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 2 compound eyes. It moved by slithering through the forest. A troublingly one of a kind thing.


DAY 346:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a tan metal that appears blue if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 347:
Found a yellow and iridescent rock to add to the samples.


DAY 348:



DAY 349:
Found a purple and black metal to add to the samples.


DAY 350:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 12 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.5 meters. It's got tan bark that's spined to touch. The leaves are hand-sized, toroid, and red. The fruit is a prism-like human-sized fruit with a leathery skin that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's pink and has a fleshy texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 351:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 352:
Came across a interesting looking animal while exploring a cave today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have leathery skin that was prismatic, red and spotted. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 4 focusing lens eyes. It moved by slithering through the cave. A troublingly impressive animal.


DAY 353:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark is spined and red. The leaves are plate-sized, toroid, and white. The fruit is a oblong human-sized fruit with a leathery skin that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's brown and has a mealy texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 354:
Found a succulent for the archives today. It has a leathery texture. The succulent has a purple pronged flower that smells rotten.


DAY 355:
Found a opalescent and teal crystal to add to the samples. It's a transparent tetragonal crystal.


DAY 356:
Found a ochre and maroon metal to add to the samples.


DAY 357:
Found a herb for the archives today. It has a smooth texture. The herb has a maroon sun burst flower that smells slightly sweet.


DAY 358:



DAY 359:



DAY 360:
Accidentally angered an animal today while exploring a pit. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 5 compound eyes and ochre and prismatic soft skin. And it was large. Easily 100 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 361:



DAY 362:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 363:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 364:
Another tree discovered. It's 92 meters tall and 0.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark is spined and orange. The leaves are tiny, pronged, and purple. The fruit is a oblong cluster berry with a spiny husk that is green on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's white and has a mushy texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 365:
Took samples from a moss. It has a fuzzy texture. The moss has a iridescent prismatic flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 366:
Came across a bizarre looking animal while crossing some woodland today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was teal, green and spotted. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 2 light receptors. It moved by slithering through the woodland. A troublingly one of a kind occurrence.


DAY 367:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 368:



DAY 369:



DAY 370:
Took samples from a succulent. It has a smooth texture. The succulent has a yellow crystalline flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 371:
Discovered a moss today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture. The moss has a purple lipped flower that smells hypnotic.


DAY 372:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 373:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with red and tan. It's a mostly opaque tetragonal crystal. Other than it's looks the sample seems like a dud.


DAY 374:



DAY 375:
Found a short grass for the archives today. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 376:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 377:
Found an interesting helical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 378:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 379:



DAY 380:



DAY 381:
Another tree discovered. It's 48 meters tall and 8.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark is rough and deep-ridged and pink. The leaves are hand-sized, saw-toothed, and prismatic. The fruit is a spiky palm-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a hard texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 382:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a pink rock that appears white if you hold it to the light just right. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 383:



DAY 384:



DAY 385:
Found an interesting worm-like bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 386:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 387:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with prismatic and iridescent. Looks like a mostly opaque monoclinic crystalline structure.


DAY 388:
Came across a new looking animal while walking a forest today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have furry skin that was iridescent, blue and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a long beak and 3 light receptors. It moved by brachiating through the forest. A troublingly interesting creature.


DAY 389:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark is bumpy and pink. The leaves are bath mat-sized, ovoid, and green. The fruit is a oblong cluster berry with a smooth shell that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's blue and has a crisp texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 390:
Took samples from a moss. It has a leathery texture. The moss has a yellow crystalline flower that smells scentless.


DAY 391:
Discovered a herb today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture. The herb has a maroon sun burst flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 392:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with green and blue. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 393:
I set out to walking a forest early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. The creature was large. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 250 kg.


DAY 394:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 395:
Found a moss for the archives today. It has a leathery texture. The moss has a black clustered flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 396:
Came across a impressive looking animal while hiking some woodland today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was prismatic, black and tessellated. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 10 light receptors. It moved by slithering through the woodland. A very impressive sight.


DAY 397:
Found a tall grass for the archives today. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 398:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 20 meters tall and with a diameter of around 2.0 meters. The bark of this tree is rough patterned and has a web of purple veins across it. The leaves are tiny, saw-toothed, and tan. The fruit is a spherical head-sized fruit with a soft skin that is white on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's brown and has a fleshy texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 399:
Discovered a lichen today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture. The lichen has a opalescent prismatic flower that smells scentless.


DAY 400:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a iridescent crystal that appears white if you hold it to the light just right. Looks like a mostly opaque trigonal crystalline structure. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 401:



DAY 402:
I was exploring a cave today and disturbed one of the local animals. I'm going to leave this area for a different expedition. Whatever it was that attacked me it was large. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the cave as it came towards me was tremendous.


DAY 403:



DAY 404:
Took samples from a cactus. It has a leathery texture. The cactus has a iridescent clustered flower that smells rotten.


DAY 405:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a blue rock that appears orange if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 406:
I set out to hiking a forest early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. I saw it coming from a ways away, thank god, and was able to retreat to a safe place. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 3 focusing lens eyes and green and teal flabby skin. And it was behemoth. Easily 10000 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 407:
Discovered one of the trees of interest today and holy shit it's impressive. The report makes note of the size but a 152 meter tree isn't really experienced until your standing in front of it and hurting your neck trying (and failing) to see the top. The bark of this tree is spined and has a web of tan veins across it. The leaves are small, long needle, and brown. The fruit is a sickle-shaped small berry with a leathery skin that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's tan and has a mealy texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 408:
Found a succulent for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The succulent has a ochre prismatic flower that smells hypnotic.


DAY 409:



DAY 410:



DAY 411:
Accidentally angered an animal today while delving a fissure. I'm going to leave this area for a different expedition. The creature was huge. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 1250 kg.


DAY 412:



DAY 413:
Discovered a cactus today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture. The cactus has a tan fluffball flower that smells scentless.


DAY 414:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with teal and pink. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 415:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 416:
Came across a new looking animal while delving a cave today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was green, brown and spotted. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a razored beak and 6 focusing lens eyes. It moved by slithering through the cave. A very bizarre thing.


DAY 417:



DAY 418:
Found a succulent for the archives today. It has a leathery texture. The succulent has a purple fluffball flower that smells rotten.


DAY 419:
I set out to exploring a cave early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. I'm skipping this area this time around. Not worth it. The creature was large. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 250 kg.


DAY 420:
Another tree discovered. It's 92 meters tall and 0.25 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. It's got prismatic bark that's rough and deep-ridged to touch. The leaves are tiny, ovoid, and teal. The fruit is a spiky palm-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is orange on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's blue and has a mushy texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 421:
Discovered a moss today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture. The moss has a pink sun burst flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 422:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark has a subtle red color and is bumpy. The leaves are hand-sized, toroid, and iridescent. The fruit is a spherical pebble-sized berry with a soft skin that is pink on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a fleshy texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 423:



DAY 424:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a maroon rock that appears purple if you hold it to the light just right. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 425:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with purple and opalescent.


DAY 426:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 427:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 428:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark is bumpy and black. The leaves are tiny, pronged, and iridescent. The fruit is a oblong cluster berry with a fuzzy husk that is pink on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's tan and has a mushy texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 429:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 430:
Found a teal and white rock to add to the samples.


DAY 431:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 1 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.125 meters. It's got opalescent bark that's spined to touch. The leaves are tiny, ovoid, and ochre. The fruit is a sickle-shaped palm-sized fruit with a textured shell that is yellow on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a crisp texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 432:



DAY 433:
Came across a new looking animal while exploring a desert today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have furry skin that was tan, maroon and spotted. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 7 light receptors. It moved by undulating through the desert. A marvelously uncomfortable sight.


DAY 434:
Found a tree today must've been about 188 meters tall. Truly a monster. The bark has a subtle iridescent color and is smooth. The leaves are plate-sized, ovoid, and blue. The fruit is a sickle-shaped human-sized fruit with a leathery skin that is teal on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a crisp texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 435:
It's a big one today -- a 120 meter tall tree. The bark of this tree is bumpy and has a web of prismatic veins across it. The leaves are hand-sized, ovoid, and white. The fruit is a sickle-shaped pebble-sized berry with a textured shell that is black on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's blue and has a firm texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 436:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 437:
I found one of the trees today, a fairly small one at around 6 meters tall. Looks almost like an orchard of them. It's got black bark that's rough patterned to touch. The leaves are human-sized, short needle, and iridescent. The fruit is a toroid head-sized fruit with a soft skin that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a fibrous texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 438:
I set out to delving a pit early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 4 compound eyes and tan and green furry skin. And it was behemoth. Easily 10000 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 439:
Came across a unique looking animal while exploring a forest today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have ridged chitin that was tan, ochre and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 7 focusing lens eyes. It moved by slithering through the forest. A truly new thing.


DAY 440:
Took samples from a cluster grass. It has a prickly texture.


DAY 441:
I was attacked today while hiking in a highland desert. I'm skipping this area this time around. Not worth it. Whatever it was that attacked me it was large. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the desert as it came towards me was tremendous.


DAY 442:



DAY 443:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 444:
Came across a interesting looking animal while crossing some woodland today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have soft skin that was white, orange and splotchy. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking fangs and 9 light receptors. It moved by slithering through the woodland. A marvelously new occurrence.


DAY 445:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with iridescent and teal.


DAY 446:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a prismatic crystal that appears pink if you hold it to the light just right. It's a mostly opaque hexagonal crystal. Material doesn't appear to have any energy potential or interesting properties.


DAY 447:
Found a short grass for the archives today. It has a prickly texture.


DAY 448:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 449:
Took samples from a succulent. It has a leathery texture. The succulent has a purple pronged flower that smells rotten.


DAY 450:



DAY 451:
Discovered a herb today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture. The herb has a green prismatic flower that smells fruity.


DAY 452:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 120 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.5 meters. The bark of this tree is spined and has a web of iridescent veins across it. The leaves are bath mat-sized, short needle, and brown. The fruit is a ridged pebble-sized berry with a textured shell that is orange on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's ochre and has a fleshy texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 453:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with prismatic and orange.


DAY 454:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 455:
Another tree discovered. It's 92 meters tall and 11.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark has a subtle pink color and is rough patterned. The leaves are plate-sized, ovoid, and green. The fruit is a oblong palm-sized fruit with a textured shell that is red on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's yellow and has a crisp texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 456:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a yellow crystal that appears red if you hold it to the light just right. It's a transparent monoclinic crystal. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 457:



DAY 458:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while exploring a pit today. Didn't appear to notice me. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was prismatic, black and mottled. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 5 focusing lens eyes. It moved by walking through the pit. A very bizarre creature.


DAY 459:
Something on this planet just gave me a rash. Lucky it wasn't something worse.


DAY 460:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 616 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 461:
I set out to exploring a lake early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Not sure if it was defensive or hungry but I'm lucky to have gotten away. The creature was behemoth. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 160000 kg.


DAY 462:



DAY 463:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a black rock that appears teal if you hold it to the light just right. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 464:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 1 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.125 meters. The bark has a subtle prismatic color and is rough and deep-ridged. The leaves are tiny, saw-toothed, and maroon. The fruit is a oblong small berry with a soft skin that is black on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's pink and has a mealy texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 465:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 466:
Came across a new looking animal while delving a pit today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have ridged chitin that was black, orange and tessellated. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a bill and 3 focusing lens eyes. It moved by walking through the pit. A troublingly one of a kind creature.


DAY 467:
Came across a interesting looking animal while crossing a forest today. Didn't appear to notice me. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was purple, black and tessellated. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 3 light receptors. It moved by crawling through the forest. A troublingly interesting animal.


DAY 468:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with black and opalescent.


DAY 469:
I found one of the trees today, a fairly small one at around 1 meters tall. Looks almost like an orchard of them. The bark of this tree is bumpy and has a web of ochre veins across it. The leaves are small, saw-toothed, and tan. The fruit is a spiky human-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is purple on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's brown and has a mealy texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 470:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 471:
I was walking some woodland today and disturbed one of the local animals. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 3 compound eyes and pink and red smooth chitin. And it was large. Easily 100 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 472:
Found a tree today must've been about 152 meters tall. Truly a monster. The bark has a subtle iridescent color and is rough patterned. The leaves are small, short needle, and maroon. The fruit is a ridged human-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is green on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a mealy texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 473:



DAY 474:
I found one of the trees today, a fairly small one at around 1 meters tall. Looks almost like an orchard of them. The bark of this tree is bumpy and has a web of green veins across it. The leaves are bath mat-sized, rectangular, and yellow. The fruit is a spiky small berry with a smooth shell that is purple on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's purple and has a crisp texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 475:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark has a subtle yellow color and is smooth. The leaves are hand-sized, ovoid, and yellow. The fruit is a toroid head-sized fruit with a soft skin that is prismatic on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a firm texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 476:
Came across a impressive looking animal while exploring a cave today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have ridged chitin that was purple, prismatic and tessellated. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 2 light receptors. It moved by walking through the cave. A very one of a kind sight.


DAY 477:



DAY 478:
Came across a interesting looking animal while delving a cave today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was white, yellow and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 9 light receptors. It moved by crawling through the cave. A very bizarre event.


DAY 479:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a prismatic rock that appears maroon if you hold it to the light just right. Other than it's looks the sample seems like a dud.


DAY 480:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 481:
Found an interesting helical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 482:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with purple and ochre. It's a opaque tetragonal crystal.


DAY 483:
Started feeling strange during my expedition today. Getting treated at base right now and it looks like it was a virus that I ran into that was attacking my kidneys.


DAY 484:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 592 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 485:
Discovered one of the trees of interest today and holy shit it's impressive. The report makes note of the size but a 152 meter tree isn't really experienced until your standing in front of it and hurting your neck trying (and failing) to see the top. The bark is rough and deep-ridged and opalescent. The leaves are tiny, ovoid, and red. The fruit is a ridged cluster berry with a textured shell that is purple on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's orange and has a hard texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 486:



DAY 487:
Found an interesting spherical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 488:
Found a prismatic and red rock to add to the samples.


DAY 489:
Accidentally angered an animal today while walking a forest. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. Whatever it was that attacked me it was large. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the forest as it came towards me was telling.


DAY 490:
Found a green and tan crystal to add to the samples. Looks like a translucent monoclinic crystalline structure.


DAY 491:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 492:
Took samples from a succulent. It has a leathery texture. The succulent has a white crystalline flower that smells spiced.


DAY 493:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 494:
Took samples from a cluster grass. It has a fuzzy texture.


DAY 495:
Another tree discovered. It's 92 meters tall and 5.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark has a subtle brown color and is bumpy. The leaves are human-sized, toroid, and blue. The fruit is a toroid palm-sized fruit with a textured shell that is green on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a hard texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 496:



DAY 497:
Found a moss for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The moss has a ochre prismatic flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 498:
Came across a fucked up looking animal while exploring a fissure today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was tan, orange and tessellated. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 9 compound eyes. It moved by walking through the fissure. A very fucked up event.


DAY 499:
Found a lichen for the archives today. It has a smooth texture. The lichen has a maroon pronged flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 500:
Another tree discovered. It's 48 meters tall and 0.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. It's got opalescent bark that's smooth to touch. The leaves are bath mat-sized, saw-toothed, and ochre. The fruit is a sickle-shaped pebble-sized berry with a smooth shell that is black on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a hard texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 501:
I was attacked today while delving a cave. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. The creature was large. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 250 kg.


DAY 502:



DAY 503:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark has a subtle orange color and is rough patterned. The leaves are hand-sized, short needle, and teal. The fruit is a oblong palm-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's pink and has a crisp texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 504:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 505:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with iridescent and ochre. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 506:
Came across a fucked up looking animal while exploring a pit today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have soft skin that was prismatic, pink and splotchy. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a scissor and enzyme mouth and 5 compound eyes. It moved by slithering through the pit. A marvelously interesting animal.


DAY 507:



DAY 508:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with red and ochre. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 509:
I set out to hiking a desert early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. I'm skipping this area this time around. Not worth it. Whatever it was that attacked me it was gigantic. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the desert as it came towards me was telling.


DAY 510:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a opalescent metal that appears blue if you hold it to the light just right. Other than it's looks the sample seems like a dud.


DAY 511:
I was delving a cave today and disturbed one of the local animals. I think I have a bruised kidney and a bruised tibia, I'll have to wait for the autodoc to finish it's analysis though. I noticed something was off. Barely acted fast enough. I think I'm safe now though. It was monstrous. Maybe 100 kg and possibly much much more. It had blue and pink ridged chitin and a unsettling scissor and enzyme mouth. So lucky to be here still.


DAY 512:
Taking the day to rest, read over the specimen logs, and drink another glass of the whiskey I brought along. It hasn't been as bad as it could be, but my body is feeling pretty beat up so hiding in the bubble for awhile seems like the best option. Just 564 days left before I fly the fuck outta here. Hopefully these specimens I've captured will be worth enough to float me for awhile.


DAY 513:
Another tree discovered. It's 20 meters tall and 1.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark is smooth and tan. The leaves are plate-sized, pronged, and white. The fruit is a sickle-shaped cluster berry with a fuzzy husk that is teal on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's pink and has a crisp texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 514:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 515:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with orange and teal. It's a mostly opaque trigonal crystal. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 516:
Found a brown and prismatic rock to add to the samples. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 517:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. It's got pink bark that's rough and deep-ridged to touch. The leaves are small, short needle, and teal. The fruit is a spherical human-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is red on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a mushy texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 518:



DAY 519:
Found a tan and white metal to add to the samples.


DAY 520:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a pink crystal that appears purple if you hold it to the light just right. Looks like a mostly transparent monoclinic crystalline structure. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 521:
I was exploring a cave today and disturbed one of the local animals. It seems to have given me a sprained tibia and a cut femur. I'm not going back there. Not worth it. Not on a solo mission. The creature was behemoth. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 160000 kg.


DAY 522:
Taking the day to rest, read over the specimen logs, and drink another glass of the whiskey I brought along. It hasn't been as bad as it could be, but my body is feeling pretty beat up so hiding in the bubble for awhile seems like the best option. Just 554 days left before I fly the fuck outta here. Hopefully these specimens I've captured will be worth enough to float me for awhile.


DAY 523:
Something on this planet just gave me a slight cough. Lucky it wasn't something worse.


DAY 524:
Taking the day to rest, read over the specimen logs, and drink another glass of the whiskey I brought along. It hasn't been as bad as it could be, but my body is feeling pretty beat up so hiding in the bubble for awhile seems like the best option. Just 552 days left before I fly the fuck outta here. Hopefully these specimens I've captured will be worth enough to float me for awhile.


DAY 525:
Took samples from a tall grass. It has a fuzzy texture.


DAY 526:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark has a subtle tan color and is bumpy. The leaves are bath mat-sized, long needle, and teal. The fruit is a prism-like cluster berry with a spiny husk that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a mushy texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 527:
I was attacked today while crossing a forest. I'm going to leave this area for a different expedition. Whatever it was that attacked me it was behemoth. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the forest as it came towards me was frightening.


DAY 528:
Found a cactus for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The cactus has a white clustered flower that smells rotten.


DAY 529:
It's a big one today -- a 152 meter tall tree. The bark is smooth and pink. The leaves are tiny, rectangular, and ochre. The fruit is a oblong small berry with a smooth shell that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's ochre and has a crisp texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 530:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a brown metal that appears white if you hold it to the light just right. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 531:
Another one for the record books: 92 meters tall and 11.0 meters across. It's got black bark that's bumpy to touch. The leaves are plate-sized, short needle, and ochre. The fruit is a toroid cluster berry with a fuzzy husk that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's red and has a crisp texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 532:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with orange and blue.


DAY 533:



DAY 534:



DAY 535:



DAY 536:



DAY 537:
I found one of the trees today, a fairly small one at around 3 meters tall. Looks almost like an orchard of them. The bark is rough patterned and green. The leaves are bath mat-sized, rectangular, and ochre. The fruit is a oblong pebble-sized berry with a leathery skin that is ochre on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's iridescent and has a crisp texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 538:
Discovered a cluster grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture.


DAY 539:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark of this tree is smooth and has a web of blue veins across it. The leaves are tiny, pronged, and blue. The fruit is a toroid cluster berry with a spiny husk that is ochre on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's pink and has a mushy texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 540:
Found an interesting filamentous virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 541:
Discovered a herb today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture. The herb has a red fluffball flower that smells hypnotic.


DAY 542:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a yellow rock that appears blue if you hold it to the light just right. Material doesn't appear to have any energy potential or interesting properties.


DAY 543:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 544:
Another tree discovered. It's 48 meters tall and 0.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark of this tree is smooth and has a web of white veins across it. The leaves are hand-sized, long needle, and maroon. The fruit is a oblong cluster berry with a smooth shell that is red on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's teal and has a crisp texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 545:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 546:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 547:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while exploring a fissure today. Didn't appear to notice me. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have furry skin that was opalescent, ochre and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 10 focusing lens eyes. It moved by walking through the fissure. A marvelously one of a kind creature.


DAY 548:
Found an interesting filamentous virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 549:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with opalescent and teal. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 550:
I was boating on a lake today and disturbed one of the local animals. Not sure if it was defensive or hungry but I'm lucky to have gotten away. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 5 focusing lens eyes and teal and black armor scaled skin. And it was behemoth. Easily 10000 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 551:
I set out to exploring a pit early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 2 compound eyes and maroon and ochre ridged chitin. And it was large. Easily 100 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 552:
Took samples from a herb. It has a prickly texture. The herb has a prismatic sun burst flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 553:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 554:
Came across a uncomfortable looking animal while crossing some woodland today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have prickly skin that was tan, black and striped. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking proboscis and 10 light receptors. It moved by slithering through the woodland. A marvelously uncomfortable occurrence.


DAY 555:
Found a herb for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The herb has a tan clustered flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 556:
Came across a interesting looking animal while exploring some woodland today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was brown, ochre and splotchy. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 7 light receptors. It moved by crawling through the woodland. A truly bizarre thing.


DAY 557:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with white and tan. It's a transparent hexagonal crystal.


DAY 558:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while hiking a forest today. Didn't appear to notice me. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was purple, blue and striped. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 7 light receptors. It moved by crawling through the forest. A very interesting sight.


DAY 559:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a maroon metal that appears ochre if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 560:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 6 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.5 meters. The bark has a subtle pink color and is spined. The leaves are tiny, toroid, and orange. The fruit is a spherical cluster berry with a soft skin that is orange on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a fibrous texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 561:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 562:
Found an interesting worm-like bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 563:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a pink rock that appears white if you hold it to the light just right. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 564:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with red and maroon. It's a mostly transparent orthorhombic crystal. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 565:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 566:



DAY 567:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 3 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.5 meters. It's got teal bark that's bumpy to touch. The leaves are bath mat-sized, ovoid, and pink. The fruit is a ridged cluster berry with a soft skin that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's iridescent and has a mealy texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 568:



DAY 569:
I was attacked today while exploring some woodland. Not sure if it was defensive or hungry but I'm lucky to have gotten away. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 2 focusing lens eyes and red and white spiny chitin. And it was huge. Easily 250 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 570:



DAY 571:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a purple rock that appears pink if you hold it to the light just right. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 572:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a orange rock that appears black if you hold it to the light just right. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 573:
Another tree discovered. It's 12 meters tall and 0.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark of this tree is smooth and has a web of blue veins across it. The leaves are hand-sized, ovoid, and black. The fruit is a prism-like palm-sized fruit with a spiny husk that is ochre on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a fleshy texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 574:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 575:



DAY 576:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 577:
I was attacked today while crossing some woodland. I saw it coming from a ways away, thank god, and was able to retreat to a safe place. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 9 focusing lens eyes and purple and red ridged chitin. And it was behemoth. Easily 10000 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 578:
Found a tall grass for the archives today. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 579:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark has a subtle brown color and is spined. The leaves are small, short needle, and black. The fruit is a toroid small berry with a smooth shell that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's blue and has a hard texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 580:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with orange and white. Looks like a mostly transparent monoclinic crystalline structure. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 581:



DAY 582:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark is rough and deep-ridged and maroon. The leaves are small, short needle, and tan. The fruit is a oblong cluster berry with a leathery skin that is opalescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's teal and has a crisp texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 583:



DAY 584:
Discovered a cluster grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 585:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a purple rock that appears teal if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 586:
Found an interesting worm-like bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 587:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a opalescent metal that appears brown if you hold it to the light just right. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 588:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while walking a forest today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have soft skin that was teal, pink and mottled. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking fangs and 5 compound eyes. It moved by brachiating through the forest. A marvelously fucked up sight.


DAY 589:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 590:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark is rough patterned and white. The leaves are human-sized, rectangular, and blue. The fruit is a ridged small berry with a textured shell that is white on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's orange and has a firm texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 591:
It's a big one today -- a 152 meter tall tree. The bark of this tree is rough and deep-ridged and has a web of red veins across it. The leaves are human-sized, toroid, and green. The fruit is a ridged pebble-sized berry with a smooth shell that is purple on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a firm texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 592:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 593:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 594:
Another tree discovered. It's 12 meters tall and 0.125 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. It's got pink bark that's rough patterned to touch. The leaves are plate-sized, toroid, and white. The fruit is a toroid pebble-sized berry with a textured shell that is ochre on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's purple and has a mealy texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 595:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a blue crystal that appears iridescent if you hold it to the light just right. Looks like a opaque trigonal crystalline structure. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 596:
Discovered one of the trees of interest today and holy shit it's impressive. The report makes note of the size but a 120 meter tree isn't really experienced until your standing in front of it and hurting your neck trying (and failing) to see the top. The bark has a subtle iridescent color and is bumpy. The leaves are plate-sized, saw-toothed, and tan. The fruit is a prism-like palm-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is iridescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's pink and has a fibrous texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 597:
Accidentally angered an animal today while hiking in some tundra. Not sure if it was defensive or hungry but I'm lucky to have gotten away. Whatever it was that attacked me it was gigantic. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the tundra as it came towards me was tremendous.


DAY 598:
I was boating on an inland sea today and disturbed one of the local animals. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 9 compound eyes and iridescent and orange flabby skin. And it was behemoth. Easily 10000 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 599:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 600:
Discovered a tall grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture.


DAY 601:
Found a herb for the archives today. It has a prickly texture. The herb has a maroon crystalline flower that smells fruity.


DAY 602:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with orange and red. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 603:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a red metal that appears ochre if you hold it to the light just right. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 604:
Took samples from a cactus. It has a prickly texture. The cactus has a pink lipped flower that smells spiced.


DAY 605:



DAY 606:
I was attacked today while delving a cave. I'm going to leave this area for a different expedition. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 4 compound eyes and opalescent and teal prickly skin. And it was gigantic. Easily 1250 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 607:
Came across a interesting looking animal while hiking a forest today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have leathery skin that was ochre, blue and mottled. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 9 focusing lens eyes. It moved by slithering through the forest. A very new occurrence.


DAY 608:
Discovered a cactus today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture. The cactus has a iridescent lipped flower that smells fruity.


DAY 609:
I was delving a cave today and disturbed one of the local animals. I'm going to leave this area for a different expedition. Whatever it was that attacked me it was huge. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the cave as it came towards me was tremendous.


DAY 610:



DAY 611:



DAY 612:
Found a lichen for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The lichen has a opalescent pronged flower that smells scentless.


DAY 613:
Another tree discovered. It's 188 meters tall and 11.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark has a subtle tan color and is spined. The leaves are plate-sized, rectangular, and brown. The fruit is a oblong human-sized fruit with a soft skin that is purple on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's iridescent and has a fibrous texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 614:
Found a iridescent and prismatic rock to add to the samples. Material doesn't appear to have any energy potential or interesting properties.


DAY 615:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 20 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.25 meters. The bark is smooth and tan. The leaves are plate-sized, short needle, and maroon. The fruit is a toroid head-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's orange and has a fibrous texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 616:



DAY 617:



DAY 618:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 619:
Came across a interesting looking animal while exploring a highland desert today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have smooth chitin that was red, black and mottled. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 7 focusing lens eyes. It moved by flying through the highland desert. A truly new sight.


DAY 620:



DAY 621:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 622:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark is rough and deep-ridged and yellow. The leaves are plate-sized, pronged, and maroon. The fruit is a sickle-shaped pebble-sized berry with a spiny husk that is green on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's orange and has a firm texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 623:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 624:



DAY 625:
Another tree discovered. It's 48 meters tall and 0.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark of this tree is smooth and has a web of opalescent veins across it. The leaves are human-sized, saw-toothed, and ochre. The fruit is a prism-like human-sized fruit with a textured shell that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's yellow and has a fibrous texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 626:
Found a tall grass for the archives today. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 627:



DAY 628:
Took samples from a succulent. It has a leathery texture. The succulent has a teal lipped flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 629:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with iridescent and ochre.


DAY 630:
Found a purple and pink metal to add to the samples. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 631:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with blue and iridescent. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 632:
I was attacked today while crossing some tundra. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. The creature was gigantic. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 10000 kg.


DAY 633:
Took samples from a herb. It has a leathery texture. The herb has a maroon lipped flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 634:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while crossing a forest today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have armor scaled skin that was black, iridescent and crystalline-patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 5 light receptors. It moved by propulsing through the forest. A marvelously bizarre creature.


DAY 635:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark of this tree is rough patterned and has a web of red veins across it. The leaves are human-sized, pronged, and purple. The fruit is a prism-like human-sized fruit with a leathery skin that is purple on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's blue and has a crisp texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 636:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 637:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a white crystal that appears tan if you hold it to the light just right. It's a transparent hexagonal crystal.


DAY 638:
I was crossing some tundra today and disturbed one of the local animals. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. Whatever it was that attacked me it was huge. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the tundra as it came towards me was frightening.


DAY 639:
Came across a impressive looking animal while exploring a desert today. Didn't appear to notice me. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have prickly skin that was yellow, prismatic and spotted. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 3 light receptors. It moved by walking through the desert. A very fucked up animal.


DAY 640:
Found an interesting worm-like bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 641:
Found a moss for the archives today. It has a leathery texture. The moss has a purple sun burst flower that smells fruity.


DAY 642:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 48 meters tall and with a diameter of around 3.5 meters. The bark of this tree is rough and deep-ridged and has a web of yellow veins across it. The leaves are human-sized, short needle, and tan. The fruit is a oblong palm-sized fruit with a leathery skin that is ochre on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's red and has a fleshy texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 643:
Came across a impressive looking animal while walking a forest today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have prickly skin that was iridescent, yellow and mottled. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a long beak and 3 light receptors. It moved by crawling through the forest. A very new creature.


DAY 644:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 68 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.5 meters. The bark has a subtle green color and is smooth. The leaves are hand-sized, ovoid, and teal. The fruit is a toroid cluster berry with a soft skin that is opalescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's teal and has a mushy texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 645:
Came across a bizarre looking animal while boating on a channel today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was white, brown and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a scissor and enzyme mouth and 8 compound eyes. It moved by crawling through the channel. A marvelously fucked up sight.


DAY 646:



DAY 647:
Found a moss for the archives today. It has a leathery texture. The moss has a pink lipped flower that smells spiced.


DAY 648:



DAY 649:



DAY 650:
Found a herb for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The herb has a blue crystalline flower that smells spiced.


DAY 651:



DAY 652:



DAY 653:
I was attacked today while crossing a forest. I'm skipping this area this time around. Not worth it. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 6 compound eyes and iridescent and ochre armor scaled skin. And it was gigantic. Easily 1250 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 654:
Another one for the record books: 152 meters tall and 0.5 meters across. The bark of this tree is bumpy and has a web of purple veins across it. The leaves are tiny, ovoid, and purple. The fruit is a ridged cluster berry with a spiny husk that is black on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's brown and has a firm texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 655:
Found a lichen for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The lichen has a purple sun burst flower that smells hypnotic.


DAY 656:



DAY 657:
Came across a unique looking animal while crossing an inland sea today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was purple, tan and spotted. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 10 light receptors. It moved by swimming through the inland sea. A truly uncomfortable sight.


DAY 658:
I was walking a forest today and disturbed one of the local animals. Not sure if it was defensive or hungry but I'm lucky to have gotten away. The creature was huge. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 1250 kg.


DAY 659:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with green and black. Looks like a opaque orthorhombic crystalline structure.


DAY 660:
Came across a bizarre looking animal while walking an alluvial valley today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have prickly skin that was purple, tan and mottled. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 7 focusing lens eyes. It moved by drifting through the alluvial valley. A marvelously interesting creature.


DAY 661:
It's a big one today -- a 120 meter tall tree. It's got red bark that's spined to touch. The leaves are small, saw-toothed, and yellow. The fruit is a spherical palm-sized fruit with a textured shell that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's teal and has a crisp texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 662:
I was exploring a forest today and disturbed one of the local animals. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. Whatever it was that attacked me it was behemoth. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the forest as it came towards me was frightening.


DAY 663:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 664:
Came across a bizarre looking animal while hiking some woodland today. Didn't appear to notice me. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was green, maroon and striped. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 9 light receptors. It moved by brachiating through the woodland. A truly impressive occurrence.


DAY 665:
I was crossing a forest today and disturbed one of the local animals. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 10 light receptors and purple and opalescent smooth chitin. And it was behemoth. Easily 10000 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 666:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 667:
A little guy today, a tree just 3 meters tall and 0.5 across. The bark has a subtle white color and is rough patterned. The leaves are tiny, saw-toothed, and opalescent. The fruit is a prism-like pebble-sized berry with a soft skin that is prismatic on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a mealy texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 668:



DAY 669:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with red and teal.


DAY 670:
Took samples from a short grass. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 671:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with purple and red.


DAY 672:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 673:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 674:



DAY 675:



DAY 676:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 677:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 399 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 678:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with black and iridescent. Material doesn't appear to have any energy potential or interesting properties.


DAY 679:
Found a tree today must've been about 120 meters tall. Truly a monster. The bark is rough patterned and prismatic. The leaves are bath mat-sized, rectangular, and orange. The fruit is a spiky cluster berry with a fuzzy husk that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's white and has a mushy texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 680:
Discovered a short grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 681:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 682:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 20 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.25 meters. It's got pink bark that's rough and deep-ridged to touch. The leaves are human-sized, pronged, and maroon. The fruit is a oblong small berry with a textured shell that is black on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's yellow and has a fibrous texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 683:
Came across a new looking animal while boating on a channel today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have leathery skin that was ochre, brown and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 6 light receptors. It moved by propulsing through the channel. A marvelously impressive occurrence.


DAY 684:



DAY 685:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark is rough patterned and red. The leaves are tiny, short needle, and ochre. The fruit is a sickle-shaped pebble-sized berry with a fuzzy husk that is red on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's yellow and has a firm texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 686:
Discovered a tall grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 687:
Came across a uncomfortable looking animal while exploring some woodland today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have armor scaled skin that was green, prismatic and splotchy. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a baleen mouth and 7 compound eyes. It moved by drifting through the woodland. A truly new creature.


DAY 688:
Came across a new looking animal while crossing a lake today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have prickly skin that was ochre, orange and tessellated. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a baleen mouth and 4 focusing lens eyes. It moved by propulsing through the lake. A troublingly uncomfortable sight.


DAY 689:



DAY 690:
Came across a impressive looking animal while crossing a channel today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was red, pink and spotted. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking fangs and 7 light receptors. It moved by propulsing through the channel. A truly bizarre occurrence.


DAY 691:
Discovered a tall grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 692:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 693:
Came across a unique looking animal while crossing a forest today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have armor scaled skin that was prismatic, black and tessellated. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a baleen mouth and 5 light receptors. It moved by slithering through the forest. A marvelously fucked up event.


DAY 694:



DAY 695:
Discovered a short grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture.


DAY 696:



DAY 697:
Found a cactus for the archives today. It has a prickly texture. The cactus has a maroon lipped flower that smells rotten.


DAY 698:
Found a cactus for the archives today. It has a leathery texture. The cactus has a tan pronged flower that smells slightly sweet.


DAY 699:
Something on this planet just gave me a slight cough. Lucky it wasn't something worse.


DAY 700:
Taking the day to rest, read over the specimen logs, and drink another glass of the whiskey I brought along. It hasn't been as bad as it could be, but my body is feeling pretty beat up so hiding in the bubble for awhile seems like the best option. Just 376 days left before I fly the fuck outta here. Hopefully these specimens I've captured will be worth enough to float me for awhile.


DAY 701:
Accidentally angered an animal today while hiking in some tundra. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. The creature was large. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 250 kg.


DAY 702:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a red metal that appears opalescent if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 703:
Came across a new looking animal while crossing an alluvial valley today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have smooth chitin that was purple, iridescent and splotchy. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a long beak and 3 light receptors. It moved by crawling through the alluvial valley. A very uncomfortable animal.


DAY 704:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with yellow and iridescent. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 705:



DAY 706:
Came across a new looking animal while exploring some woodland today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have armor scaled skin that was yellow, pink and tessellated. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a baleen mouth and 2 focusing lens eyes. It moved by crawling through the woodland. A truly new animal.


DAY 707:
Started feeling strange during my expedition today. Getting treated at base right now and it looks like it was a virus that I ran into that was attacking my brain.


DAY 708:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 368 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 709:
Found a tall grass for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture.


DAY 710:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a yellow rock that appears iridescent if you hold it to the light just right. Other than it's looks the sample seems like a dud.


DAY 711:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 48 meters tall and with a diameter of around 2.0 meters. The bark of this tree is smooth and has a web of pink veins across it. The leaves are hand-sized, rectangular, and red. The fruit is a spherical pebble-sized berry with a soft skin that is maroon on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's ochre and has a hard texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 712:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 713:
Came across a bizarre looking animal while boating on an inland sea today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have prickly skin that was purple, blue and splotchy. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 9 compound eyes. It moved by propulsing through the inland sea. A marvelously impressive thing.


DAY 714:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 715:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 361 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 716:
Came across a unique looking animal while hiking in an alluvial valley today. Didn't appear to notice me. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have ridged chitin that was pink, red and spotted. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a long beak and 8 focusing lens eyes. It moved by walking through the alluvial valley. A troublingly impressive event.


DAY 717:
Took samples from a cactus. It has a fuzzy texture. The cactus has a opalescent fluffball flower that smells rotten.


DAY 718:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 719:
Found a green and black metal to add to the samples. Material doesn't appear to have any energy potential or interesting properties.


DAY 720:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a black metal that appears opalescent if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 721:
Came across a interesting looking animal while swimming in a sea today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have prickly skin that was red, opalescent and mottled. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 5 light receptors. It moved by propulsing through the sea. A truly one of a kind event.


DAY 722:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark has a subtle iridescent color and is spined. The leaves are hand-sized, long needle, and yellow. The fruit is a spherical palm-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is iridescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's pink and has a crisp texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 723:



DAY 724:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 725:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a teal crystal that appears purple if you hold it to the light just right. Looks like a mostly opaque tetragonal crystalline structure. Other than it's looks the sample seems like a dud.


DAY 726:
I was hiking in a highland desert today and disturbed one of the local animals. I saw it coming from a ways away, thank god, and was able to retreat to a safe place. The creature was large. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 250 kg.


DAY 727:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 728:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 20 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.125 meters. It's got yellow bark that's rough and deep-ridged to touch. The leaves are human-sized, rectangular, and maroon. The fruit is a oblong head-sized fruit with a leathery skin that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's brown and has a firm texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 729:
Another tree discovered. It's 12 meters tall and 1.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. It's got green bark that's rough and deep-ridged to touch. The leaves are bath mat-sized, saw-toothed, and ochre. The fruit is a toroid palm-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is ochre on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a fleshy texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 730:
I was swimming in a glacial lake today and disturbed one of the local animals. Not sure if it was defensive or hungry but I'm lucky to have gotten away. Whatever it was that attacked me it was huge. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the lake as it came towards me was frightening.


DAY 731:
Found a red and teal metal to add to the samples. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 732:



DAY 733:
A little guy today, a tree just 3 meters tall and 0.25 across. The bark is spined and ochre. The leaves are hand-sized, short needle, and green. The fruit is a spiky head-sized fruit with a soft skin that is purple on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's brown and has a hard texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 734:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. It's got maroon bark that's smooth to touch. The leaves are human-sized, rectangular, and ochre. The fruit is a ridged cluster berry with a textured shell that is opalescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a mushy texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 735:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark is spined and black. The leaves are tiny, rectangular, and yellow. The fruit is a sickle-shaped pebble-sized berry with a soft skin that is orange on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a hard texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 736:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark is rough and deep-ridged and opalescent. The leaves are human-sized, short needle, and red. The fruit is a ridged cluster berry with a smooth shell that is prismatic on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's red and has a fleshy texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 737:
Found a herb for the archives today. It has a leathery texture. The herb has a tan fluffball flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 738:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with prismatic and opalescent. Looks like a transparent trigonal crystalline structure. Other than it's looks the sample seems like a dud.


DAY 739:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark has a subtle maroon color and is spined. The leaves are bath mat-sized, rectangular, and black. The fruit is a toroid small berry with a soft skin that is purple on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's iridescent and has a fibrous texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 740:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 741:
I was swimming in a lake today and disturbed one of the local animals. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. The creature was behemoth. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 160000 kg.


DAY 742:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with orange and iridescent.


DAY 743:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 744:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 332 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 745:
I found one of the trees today, a fairly small one at around 3 meters tall. Looks almost like an orchard of them. The bark of this tree is smooth and has a web of maroon veins across it. The leaves are small, rectangular, and ochre. The fruit is a ridged pebble-sized berry with a soft skin that is maroon on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's orange and has a hard texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 746:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a brown crystal that appears prismatic if you hold it to the light just right. It's a mostly transparent trigonal crystal.


DAY 747:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with brown and black. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 748:
Found an interesting worm-like bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 749:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 750:
Another one for the record books: 92 meters tall and 14.5 meters across. The bark has a subtle tan color and is bumpy. The leaves are tiny, toroid, and red. The fruit is a ridged human-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is ochre on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's brown and has a fleshy texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 751:
I found one of the trees today, a fairly small one at around 6 meters tall. Looks almost like an orchard of them. The bark of this tree is bumpy and has a web of orange veins across it. The leaves are hand-sized, pronged, and pink. The fruit is a toroid cluster berry with a spiny husk that is teal on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a crisp texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 752:



DAY 753:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark of this tree is spined and has a web of green veins across it. The leaves are tiny, toroid, and red. The fruit is a ridged human-sized fruit with a soft skin that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a hard texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 754:
Found an interesting worm-like bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 755:
Found a prismatic and pink metal to add to the samples.


DAY 756:
Came across a interesting looking animal while walking a forest today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was white, brown and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 10 focusing lens eyes. It moved by crawling through the forest. A troublingly new thing.


DAY 757:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 758:
Found a short grass for the archives today. It has a prickly texture.


DAY 759:
Another one for the record books: 120 meters tall and 11.0 meters across. The bark is rough patterned and tan. The leaves are bath mat-sized, short needle, and blue. The fruit is a oblong head-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is teal on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a hard texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 760:
Discovered one of the trees of interest today and holy shit it's impressive. The report makes note of the size but a 188 meter tree isn't really experienced until your standing in front of it and hurting your neck trying (and failing) to see the top. The bark has a subtle teal color and is smooth. The leaves are tiny, rectangular, and purple. The fruit is a spiky cluster berry with a smooth shell that is maroon on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's ochre and has a fibrous texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 761:
Found a yellow and tan metal to add to the samples.


DAY 762:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 763:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 68 meters tall and with a diameter of around 3.5 meters. The bark has a subtle purple color and is bumpy. The leaves are bath mat-sized, short needle, and iridescent. The fruit is a spiky head-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's purple and has a mealy texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 764:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a red rock that appears yellow if you hold it to the light just right. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 765:



DAY 766:
Discovered a herb today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture. The herb has a prismatic fluffball flower that smells rotten.


DAY 767:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark has a subtle opalescent color and is spined. The leaves are tiny, rectangular, and ochre. The fruit is a spiky palm-sized fruit with a spiny husk that is maroon on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's teal and has a hard texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 768:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while crossing a glacial lake today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have leathery skin that was brown, ochre and striped. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 9 compound eyes. It moved by propulsing through the glacial lake. A troublingly fucked up creature.


DAY 769:
Came across a fucked up looking animal while exploring a forest today. Didn't appear to notice me. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was brown, tan and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 5 compound eyes. It moved by undulating through the forest. A very interesting thing.


DAY 770:
Found an interesting filamentous virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 771:



DAY 772:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with red and teal. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 773:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 6 meters tall and with a diameter of around 1.0 meters. The bark of this tree is smooth and has a web of green veins across it. The leaves are tiny, short needle, and tan. The fruit is a spherical small berry with a soft skin that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a mealy texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 774:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with opalescent and black.


DAY 775:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 776:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. It's got white bark that's bumpy to touch. The leaves are bath mat-sized, short needle, and red. The fruit is a prism-like small berry with a textured shell that is white on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's iridescent and has a fleshy texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 777:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. It's got white bark that's rough and deep-ridged to touch. The leaves are bath mat-sized, toroid, and prismatic. The fruit is a toroid human-sized fruit with a spiny husk that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's orange and has a fibrous texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 778:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 779:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a blue crystal that appears maroon if you hold it to the light just right. It's a opaque orthorhombic crystal. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 780:



DAY 781:
Came across a impressive looking animal while hiking a desert today. Didn't appear to notice me. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have leathery skin that was ochre, blue and spotted. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a long beak and 2 focusing lens eyes. It moved by drifting through the desert. A truly fucked up event.


DAY 782:
Took samples from a lichen. It has a leathery texture. The lichen has a green prismatic flower that smells slightly sweet.


DAY 783:



DAY 784:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 785:



DAY 786:
Found an interesting helical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 787:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a opalescent metal that appears blue if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 788:
Started feeling strange during my expedition today. Getting treated at base right now and it looks like it was a bacterium that I ran into that was attacking my lungs.


DAY 789:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 287 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 790:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 188 meters tall and with a diameter of around 14.5 meters. The bark has a subtle black color and is rough and deep-ridged. The leaves are bath mat-sized, short needle, and yellow. The fruit is a ridged cluster berry with a smooth shell that is red on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a firm texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 791:



DAY 792:



DAY 793:
Found an interesting helical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 794:
I set out to walking some woodland early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. I saw it coming from a ways away, thank god, and was able to retreat to a safe place. The creature was behemoth. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 160000 kg.


DAY 795:



DAY 796:



DAY 797:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 6 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.5 meters. It's got teal bark that's rough patterned to touch. The leaves are bath mat-sized, toroid, and yellow. The fruit is a spiky cluster berry with a smooth shell that is ochre on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a mushy texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 798:
Came across a uncomfortable looking animal while walking through an alluvial valley today. Didn't appear to notice me. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was maroon, black and spotted. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking fangs and 9 light receptors. It moved by walking through the alluvial valley. A very impressive sight.


DAY 799:
Found a short grass for the archives today. It has a prickly texture.


DAY 800:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 801:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark has a subtle white color and is bumpy. The leaves are tiny, long needle, and maroon. The fruit is a spiky head-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a crisp texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 802:



DAY 803:



DAY 804:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark is bumpy and iridescent. The leaves are hand-sized, rectangular, and yellow. The fruit is a oblong head-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is red on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's blue and has a firm texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 805:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a maroon crystal that appears red if you hold it to the light just right. It's a translucent hexagonal crystal.


DAY 806:
Came across a bizarre looking animal while swimming in a glacial lake today. Didn't appear to notice me. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have prickly skin that was prismatic, pink and mottled. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking proboscis and 7 focusing lens eyes. It moved by slithering through the glacial lake. A marvelously one of a kind creature.


DAY 807:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 808:
Came across a new looking animal while hiking a forest today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have smooth chitin that was teal, prismatic and striped. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 2 compound eyes. It moved by slithering through the forest. A marvelously new animal.


DAY 809:
Found a moss for the archives today. It has a prickly texture. The moss has a pink crystalline flower that smells slightly sweet.


DAY 810:



DAY 811:



DAY 812:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with white and maroon. It's a mostly opaque monoclinic crystal.


DAY 813:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark of this tree is rough patterned and has a web of ochre veins across it. The leaves are bath mat-sized, rectangular, and purple. The fruit is a sickle-shaped small berry with a leathery skin that is teal on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a fleshy texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 814:



DAY 815:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 816:



DAY 817:
Found an interesting spherical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 818:
Accidentally angered an animal today while delving a pit. I think I have a shattered humurus and a bruised liver, I'll have to wait for the autodoc to finish it's analysis though. I'm not going back there. Not worth it. Not on a solo mission. The creature was behemoth. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 160000 kg.


DAY 819:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 257 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 820:
Something on this planet just gave me a mild fever. Lucky it wasn't something worse.


DAY 821:
I was attacked today while hiking a forest. I think I have a bruised gut and a cut humurus, I'll have to wait for the autodoc to finish it's analysis though. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. Whatever it was that attacked me it was huge. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the forest as it came towards me was telling.


DAY 822:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 254 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 823:
Came across a interesting looking animal while hiking a desert today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have ridged chitin that was teal, red and splotchy. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 10 compound eyes. It moved by propulsing through the desert. A troublingly one of a kind occurrence.


DAY 824:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while exploring a fissure today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have soft skin that was white, black and tessellated. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a bill and 7 light receptors. It moved by walking through the fissure. A very interesting thing.


DAY 825:
Found a yellow and white crystal to add to the samples. Looks like a transparent tetragonal crystalline structure.


DAY 826:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 827:
Found a iridescent and orange crystal to add to the samples. It's a translucent hexagonal crystal.


DAY 828:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with purple and blue.


DAY 829:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with blue and ochre. Looks like a mostly opaque cubic crystalline structure.


DAY 830:
Came across a impressive looking animal while hiking a forest today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have leathery skin that was maroon, opalescent and splotchy. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 6 light receptors. It moved by drifting through the forest. A truly bizarre thing.


DAY 831:
Came across a new looking animal while exploring a pit today. Didn't appear to notice me. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have armor scaled skin that was ochre, white and spotted. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth and 7 light receptors. It moved by crawling through the pit. A very interesting thing.


DAY 832:



DAY 833:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark has a subtle pink color and is smooth. The leaves are small, pronged, and pink. The fruit is a oblong human-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a fleshy texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 834:
Found a moss for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The moss has a red fluffball flower that smells spiced.


DAY 835:



DAY 836:
Another tree discovered. It's 120 meters tall and 1.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. It's got prismatic bark that's rough patterned to touch. The leaves are human-sized, saw-toothed, and pink. The fruit is a sickle-shaped human-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is white on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a mealy texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 837:
Another one for the record books: 92 meters tall and 5.5 meters across. The bark of this tree is bumpy and has a web of brown veins across it. The leaves are human-sized, toroid, and blue. The fruit is a toroid palm-sized fruit with a textured shell that is green on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a hard texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 838:



DAY 839:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 840:
Found a red and blue crystal to add to the samples. Looks like a opaque trigonal crystalline structure.


DAY 841:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 842:



DAY 843:
Found an interesting spherical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 844:



DAY 845:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 846:



DAY 847:



DAY 848:
I was attacked today while exploring some woodland. I'm going to leave this area for a different expedition. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 6 compound eyes and teal and opalescent furry skin. And it was behemoth. Easily 10000 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 849:
Discovered a cactus today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture. The cactus has a blue clustered flower that smells rotten.


DAY 850:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 851:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with green and purple. Looks like a opaque trigonal crystalline structure.


DAY 852:
Took samples from a lichen. It has a smooth texture. The lichen has a maroon clustered flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 853:
Came across a unique looking animal while crossing some woodland today. Didn't appear to notice me. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was purple, blue and striped. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 7 light receptors. It moved by crawling through the woodland. A marvelously fucked up thing.


DAY 854:
Found a black and blue metal to add to the samples. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 855:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 856:



DAY 857:
Accidentally angered an animal today while crossing a river. Feels like I have a broken humurus and a fractured humurus. I'm leaving this area. Going back to the last known safe place to rest in the pod. Whatever it was that attacked me it was huge. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the river as it came towards me was terrifying.


DAY 858:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 218 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 859:
I set out to delving a pit early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. The creature was gigantic. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 10000 kg.


DAY 860:
Came across a bizarre looking animal while delving a pit today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was ochre, teal and striped. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a long beak and 5 focusing lens eyes. It moved by crawling through the pit. A truly interesting sight.


DAY 861:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a brown rock that appears yellow if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 862:



DAY 863:
Another tree discovered. It's 152 meters tall and 14.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark has a subtle red color and is rough and deep-ridged. The leaves are tiny, saw-toothed, and red. The fruit is a spherical pebble-sized berry with a smooth shell that is prismatic on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's white and has a fibrous texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 864:
Discovered a lichen today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture. The lichen has a opalescent fluffball flower that smells rotten.


DAY 865:
Found a ochre and green metal to add to the samples. Other than it's looks the sample seems like a dud.


DAY 866:



DAY 867:
Discovered a cluster grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 868:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while exploring a cave today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was blue, black and spotted. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a scissor and enzyme mouth and 6 compound eyes. It moved by walking through the cave. A truly interesting animal.


DAY 869:
Found a pink and opalescent metal to add to the samples.


DAY 870:



DAY 871:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with blue and purple. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 872:



DAY 873:



DAY 874:



DAY 875:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with orange and white.


DAY 876:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 877:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a ochre metal that appears yellow if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 878:



DAY 879:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark has a subtle black color and is bumpy. The leaves are bath mat-sized, toroid, and teal. The fruit is a prism-like head-sized fruit with a spiny husk that is pink on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's iridescent and has a fleshy texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 880:
Found a purple and black metal to add to the samples.


DAY 881:
Found a white and orange metal to add to the samples.


DAY 882:
Started feeling strange during my expedition today. Getting treated at base right now and it looks like it was a virus that I ran into that was attacking my brain.


DAY 883:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 193 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 884:
Another tree discovered. It's 1 meters tall and 0.125 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark has a subtle red color and is rough patterned. The leaves are hand-sized, long needle, and maroon. The fruit is a toroid palm-sized fruit with a soft skin that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a mushy texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 885:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. It's got orange bark that's rough patterned to touch. The leaves are hand-sized, pronged, and black. The fruit is a ridged head-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is black on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's red and has a firm texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 886:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a tan crystal that appears prismatic if you hold it to the light just right. It's a mostly transparent hexagonal crystal.


DAY 887:
Found an interesting filamentous virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 888:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark has a subtle brown color and is spined. The leaves are bath mat-sized, ovoid, and pink. The fruit is a prism-like small berry with a textured shell that is teal on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's blue and has a firm texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 889:
Came across a new looking animal while walking a forest today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have leathery skin that was maroon, green and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 4 light receptors. It moved by crawling through the forest. A troublingly interesting thing.


DAY 890:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with tan and blue.


DAY 891:
Discovered a succulent today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture. The succulent has a teal sun burst flower that smells hypnotic.


DAY 892:
Discovered a moss today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture. The moss has a ochre pronged flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 893:
Got a mild fever from coming into contact with an alien bacterium today.


DAY 894:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 182 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 895:
Discovered a cactus today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture. The cactus has a brown clustered flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 896:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with iridescent and purple. Looks like a mostly opaque cubic crystalline structure.


DAY 897:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 898:
I found one of the trees today, a fairly small one at around 1 meters tall. Looks almost like an orchard of them. The bark has a subtle red color and is smooth. The leaves are tiny, ovoid, and maroon. The fruit is a toroid palm-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is opalescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's ochre and has a crisp texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 899:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with orange and iridescent.


DAY 900:



DAY 901:
Came across a new looking animal while exploring some woodland today. Didn't appear to notice me. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was maroon, black and spotted. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking fangs and 9 light receptors. It moved by walking through the woodland. A marvelously uncomfortable creature.


DAY 902:



DAY 903:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 6 meters tall and with a diameter of around 1.0 meters. The bark is bumpy and opalescent. The leaves are tiny, toroid, and brown. The fruit is a toroid small berry with a textured shell that is white on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's red and has a firm texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 904:
I was boating on a lake today and disturbed one of the local animals. I'm skipping this area this time around. Not worth it. The creature was gigantic. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 10000 kg.


DAY 905:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a maroon rock that appears blue if you hold it to the light just right. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 906:
I was attacked today while exploring some woodland. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. The creature was huge. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 1250 kg.


DAY 907:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 908:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 168 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 909:
Another tree discovered. It's 68 meters tall and 1.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. It's got teal bark that's spined to touch. The leaves are small, long needle, and opalescent. The fruit is a ridged small berry with a spiny husk that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a mealy texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 910:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 6 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.5 meters. The bark of this tree is rough patterned and has a web of black veins across it. The leaves are bath mat-sized, pronged, and white. The fruit is a sickle-shaped pebble-sized berry with a soft skin that is pink on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a fibrous texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 911:
Another tree discovered. It's 32 meters tall and 3.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark is spined and purple. The leaves are bath mat-sized, ovoid, and brown. The fruit is a ridged human-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's pink and has a mushy texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 912:



DAY 913:
Took samples from a cactus. It has a leathery texture. The cactus has a green crystalline flower that smells hypnotic.


DAY 914:



DAY 915:
Accidentally angered an animal today while hiking a desert. Feels like I have a battered leg and a bruised liver. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. It was monstrous. Maybe 10000 kg and possibly much much more. It had teal and prismatic soft skin and a giant cusp-toothed mouth with canines. So lucky to be here still.


DAY 916:
Taking the day to rest, read over the specimen logs, and drink another glass of the whiskey I brought along. It hasn't been as bad as it could be, but my body is feeling pretty beat up so hiding in the bubble for awhile seems like the best option. Just 160 days left before I fly the fuck outta here. Hopefully these specimens I've captured will be worth enough to float me for awhile.


DAY 917:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 918:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while hiking some woodland today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have soft skin that was teal, pink and spotted. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking fangs and 6 compound eyes. It moved by crawling through the woodland. A marvelously bizarre animal.


DAY 919:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark of this tree is rough and deep-ridged and has a web of blue veins across it. The leaves are tiny, ovoid, and brown. The fruit is a spherical cluster berry with a leathery skin that is iridescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a fibrous texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 920:



DAY 921:



DAY 922:
Found an interesting worm-like bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 923:



DAY 924:



DAY 925:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. It's got yellow bark that's spined to touch. The leaves are tiny, saw-toothed, and green. The fruit is a toroid pebble-sized berry with a leathery skin that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a crisp texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 926:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 927:
Found an interesting filamentous virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 928:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with prismatic and purple. Looks like a translucent trigonal crystalline structure.


DAY 929:



DAY 930:
The bacterium I came into contact today must've infected me. Running a fever and was getting delirious. In the autodoc now.


DAY 931:
Taking the day to rest, read over the specimen logs, and drink another glass of the whiskey I brought along. It hasn't been as bad as it could be, but my body is feeling pretty beat up so hiding in the bubble for awhile seems like the best option. Just 145 days left before I fly the fuck outta here. Hopefully these specimens I've captured will be worth enough to float me for awhile.


DAY 932:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 933:
Found an interesting spherical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 934:
Found an interesting helical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 935:
Found an interesting filamentous virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 936:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while walking through a desert today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have ridged chitin that was purple, blue and mottled. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 6 compound eyes. It moved by walking through the desert. A troublingly new occurrence.


DAY 937:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 32 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.5 meters. The bark is rough and deep-ridged and blue. The leaves are human-sized, pronged, and brown. The fruit is a oblong small berry with a fuzzy husk that is purple on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's ochre and has a fibrous texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 938:
Found a teal and orange metal to add to the samples.


DAY 939:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 940:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 136 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 941:
Took samples from a succulent. It has a prickly texture. The succulent has a opalescent prismatic flower that smells spiced.


DAY 942:
Found a cactus for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The cactus has a tan pronged flower that smells scentless.


DAY 943:
I found one of the trees today, a fairly small one at around 3 meters tall. Looks almost like an orchard of them. It's got green bark that's bumpy to touch. The leaves are small, toroid, and white. The fruit is a spiky small berry with a textured shell that is red on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's teal and has a mealy texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 944:
Found a blue and green metal to add to the samples. Material doesn't appear to have any energy potential or interesting properties.


DAY 945:
Took samples from a lichen. It has a leathery texture. The lichen has a green clustered flower that smells spiced.


DAY 946:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a brown rock that appears pink if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 947:
Found a pink and opalescent rock to add to the samples.


DAY 948:
Discovered a herb today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture. The herb has a tan lipped flower that smells rotten.


DAY 949:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with opalescent and teal.


DAY 950:
I was attacked today while crossing some woodland. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. Whatever it was that attacked me it was behemoth. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the woodland as it came towards me was telling.


DAY 951:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 952:
Another tree discovered. It's 68 meters tall and 3.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark of this tree is rough patterned and has a web of tan veins across it. The leaves are bath mat-sized, pronged, and iridescent. The fruit is a sickle-shaped cluster berry with a textured shell that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a fleshy texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 953:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a white rock that appears opalescent if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 954:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 955:
Came across a uncomfortable looking animal while swimming in a lake today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have leathery skin that was tan, blue and splotchy. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 6 focusing lens eyes. It moved by undulating through the lake. A very fucked up sight.


DAY 956:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 957:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a teal rock that appears green if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 958:
Found a opalescent and black crystal to add to the samples. It's a translucent trigonal crystal. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 959:



DAY 960:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark has a subtle teal color and is rough and deep-ridged. The leaves are tiny, ovoid, and teal. The fruit is a oblong small berry with a soft skin that is orange on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's purple and has a mealy texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 961:
Took samples from a tall grass. It has a fuzzy texture.


DAY 962:
Came across a interesting looking animal while exploring a cave today. Didn't appear to notice me. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was orange, red and striped. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 10 light receptors. It moved by walking through the cave. A very interesting animal.


DAY 963:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 964:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with yellow and teal. Looks like a translucent cubic crystalline structure. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 965:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 966:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 110 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 967:
Found a iridescent and tan crystal to add to the samples. Looks like a transparent tetragonal crystalline structure.


DAY 968:
Got a rash from coming into contact with an alien virus today.


DAY 969:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 970:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a black metal that appears green if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 971:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 92 meters tall and with a diameter of around 11.0 meters. The bark of this tree is bumpy and has a web of blue veins across it. The leaves are plate-sized, pronged, and ochre. The fruit is a sickle-shaped small berry with a textured shell that is green on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a hard texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 972:



DAY 973:



DAY 974:



DAY 975:
Discovered a short grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 976:
I was attacked today while swimming in a glacial lake. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. The creature was gigantic. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 10000 kg.


DAY 977:
Found a teal and green crystal to add to the samples. Looks like a mostly transparent trigonal crystalline structure.


DAY 978:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with red and purple.


DAY 979:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 980:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 981:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 982:



DAY 983:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 984:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 92 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 985:
Discovered a herb today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture. The herb has a white pronged flower that smells spiced.


DAY 986:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 987:
I was delving a cave today and disturbed one of the local animals. I saw it coming from a ways away, thank god, and was able to retreat to a safe place. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 7 focusing lens eyes and teal and ochre spiny chitin. And it was gigantic. Easily 1250 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 988:



DAY 989:
Discovered a succulent today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture. The succulent has a prismatic crystalline flower that smells scentless.


DAY 990:
Took samples from a cluster grass. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 991:
Started feeling strange during my expedition today. Getting treated at base right now and it looks like it was a bacterium that I ran into that was attacking my immune system.


DAY 992:
Taking the day to rest, read over the specimen logs, and drink another glass of the whiskey I brought along. It hasn't been as bad as it could be, but my body is feeling pretty beat up so hiding in the bubble for awhile seems like the best option. Just 84 days left before I fly the fuck outta here. Hopefully these specimens I've captured will be worth enough to float me for awhile.


DAY 993:



DAY 994:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 48 meters tall and with a diameter of around 3.5 meters. The bark is rough patterned and black. The leaves are plate-sized, ovoid, and teal. The fruit is a spherical pebble-sized berry with a leathery skin that is maroon on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's blue and has a fleshy texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 995:



DAY 996:
Discovered a cactus today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture. The cactus has a ochre clustered flower that smells spiced.


DAY 997:



DAY 998:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 999:
Came across a bizarre looking animal while crossing a sea today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have prickly skin that was tan, black and mottled. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a long beak and 9 compound eyes. It moved by crawling through the sea. A truly new event.


DAY 1000:
Found a black and green metal to add to the samples.


DAY 1001:
Took samples from a tall grass. It has a prickly texture.


DAY 1002:



DAY 1003:
Found an interesting worm-like bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 1004:
Discovered one of the trees of interest today and holy shit it's impressive. The report makes note of the size but a 92 meter tree isn't really experienced until your standing in front of it and hurting your neck trying (and failing) to see the top. The bark of this tree is bumpy and has a web of pink veins across it. The leaves are bath mat-sized, ovoid, and tan. The fruit is a spiky human-sized fruit with a textured shell that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a crisp texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 1005:
I found one of the trees today, a fairly small one at around 1 meters tall. Looks almost like an orchard of them. The bark of this tree is smooth and has a web of ochre veins across it. The leaves are hand-sized, long needle, and opalescent. The fruit is a toroid small berry with a smooth shell that is maroon on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's iridescent and has a firm texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 1006:
Discovered a tall grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 1007:
Came across a uncomfortable looking animal while walking some tundra today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have furry skin that was yellow, opalescent and crystalline-patterned. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 9 focusing lens eyes. It moved by flying through the tundra. A marvelously interesting occurrence.


DAY 1008:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 1009:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 67 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 1010:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a teal metal that appears pink if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 1011:
Found a herb for the archives today. It has a leathery texture. The herb has a brown pronged flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 1012:
I was exploring some tundra today and disturbed one of the local animals. I'm skipping this area this time around. Not worth it. Whatever it was that attacked me it was gigantic. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the tundra as it came towards me was terrifying.


DAY 1013:



DAY 1014:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a yellow rock that appears prismatic if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 1015:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 1016:
Came across a impressive looking animal while hiking a forest today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have ridged chitin that was opalescent, purple and mottled. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking fangs and 5 focusing lens eyes. It moved by propulsing through the forest. A troublingly fucked up thing.


DAY 1017:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while exploring a channel today. Didn't appear to notice me. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have ridged chitin that was orange, tan and crystalline-patterned. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth and 2 focusing lens eyes. It moved by crawling through the channel. A troublingly interesting animal.


DAY 1018:
I set out to walking a forest early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Back at the base now but it looks like I have a bruised humurus and a bruised lung. Likely have to spend tomorrow resting as well. I'm leaving this area. Going back to the last known safe place to rest in the pod. Whatever it was that attacked me it was behemoth. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the forest as it came towards me was tremendous.


DAY 1019:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 57 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 1020:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 1021:
Came across a unique looking animal while delving a pit today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have soft skin that was maroon, red and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 2 focusing lens eyes. It moved by walking through the pit. A troublingly uncomfortable occurrence.


DAY 1022:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark has a subtle pink color and is bumpy. The leaves are tiny, long needle, and black. The fruit is a oblong pebble-sized berry with a fuzzy husk that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a firm texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 1023:



DAY 1024:
I was attacked today while hiking in some tundra. I'm going to leave this area for a different expedition. The creature was large. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 250 kg.


DAY 1025:
Came across a bizarre looking animal while walking some woodland today. Didn't appear to notice me. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was opalescent, white and striped. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 3 compound eyes. It moved by drifting through the woodland. A truly new event.


DAY 1026:
Found a blue and iridescent metal to add to the samples.


DAY 1027:
Came across a new looking animal while exploring a fissure today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was maroon, purple and tessellated. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a bill and 5 focusing lens eyes. It moved by crawling through the fissure. A troublingly bizarre creature.


DAY 1028:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with prismatic and yellow. It's a opaque cubic crystal. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 1029:
Found a purple and pink metal to add to the samples. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 1030:



DAY 1031:
Found a opalescent and purple rock to add to the samples.


DAY 1032:
Took samples from a cactus. It has a fuzzy texture. The cactus has a green lipped flower that smells hypnotic.


DAY 1033:



DAY 1034:



DAY 1035:
I found one of the trees today, a fairly small one at around 1 meters tall. Looks almost like an orchard of them. It's got black bark that's rough and deep-ridged to touch. The leaves are human-sized, pronged, and maroon. The fruit is a spherical palm-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is green on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a mealy texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 1036:
Came across a fucked up looking animal while delving a fissure today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was blue, black and spotted. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a scissor and enzyme mouth and 6 compound eyes. It moved by walking through the fissure. A marvelously new creature.


DAY 1037:
Found a iridescent and green rock to add to the samples.


DAY 1038:
Another tree discovered. It's 48 meters tall and 1.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark of this tree is spined and has a web of prismatic veins across it. The leaves are hand-sized, ovoid, and pink. The fruit is a ridged head-sized fruit with a soft skin that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's teal and has a hard texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 1039:



DAY 1040:



DAY 1041:
Another tree discovered. It's 48 meters tall and 3.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark is rough patterned and blue. The leaves are hand-sized, pronged, and green. The fruit is a sickle-shaped small berry with a fuzzy husk that is yellow on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's white and has a crisp texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 1042:
Got a rash from coming into contact with an alien bacterium today.


DAY 1043:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 33 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 1044:
Found a blue and iridescent crystal to add to the samples. Looks like a transparent monoclinic crystalline structure.


DAY 1045:
Found a black and opalescent crystal to add to the samples. It's a transparent trigonal crystal. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 1046:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a yellow crystal that appears iridescent if you hold it to the light just right. It's a mostly opaque trigonal crystal.


DAY 1047:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark is smooth and iridescent. The leaves are human-sized, pronged, and yellow. The fruit is a prism-like small berry with a smooth shell that is green on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a firm texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 1048:
I was attacked today while exploring a cave. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 3 compound eyes and tan and purple scaled skin. And it was large. Easily 100 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 1049:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 120 meters tall and with a diameter of around 1.0 meters. The bark of this tree is smooth and has a web of maroon veins across it. The leaves are small, ovoid, and opalescent. The fruit is a toroid pebble-sized berry with a fuzzy husk that is purple on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's pink and has a fibrous texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 1050:



DAY 1051:
Found a maroon and green rock to add to the samples. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 1052:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 1053:
Started feeling strange during my expedition today. Getting treated at base right now and it looks like it was a bacterium that I ran into that was attacking my liver.


DAY 1054:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 22 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 1055:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with opalescent and blue. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 1056:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with pink and green.


DAY 1057:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 68 meters tall and with a diameter of around 3.5 meters. The bark of this tree is rough and deep-ridged and has a web of purple veins across it. The leaves are hand-sized, toroid, and black. The fruit is a ridged human-sized fruit with a spiny husk that is prismatic on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a firm texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 1058:
Found an interesting filamentous virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 1059:
Found a lichen for the archives today. It has a smooth texture. The lichen has a green clustered flower that smells spiced.


DAY 1060:
Another tree discovered. It's 6 meters tall and 0.25 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark of this tree is bumpy and has a web of white veins across it. The leaves are hand-sized, short needle, and ochre. The fruit is a ridged pebble-sized berry with a leathery skin that is green on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a firm texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 1061:
Discovered a moss today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture. The moss has a iridescent prismatic flower that smells hypnotic.


DAY 1062:



DAY 1063:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 68 meters tall and with a diameter of around 5.5 meters. The bark has a subtle pink color and is smooth. The leaves are tiny, ovoid, and black. The fruit is a spherical head-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is orange on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's white and has a fleshy texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 1064:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 1065:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while delving a pit today. Didn't appear to notice me. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have soft skin that was pink, tan and spotted. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 10 light receptors. It moved by walking through the pit. A truly new thing.


DAY 1066:
Took samples from a cluster grass. It has a fuzzy texture.


DAY 1067:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a maroon crystal that appears red if you hold it to the light just right. Looks like a mostly opaque orthorhombic crystalline structure. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 1068:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a white rock that appears orange if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 1069:
Took samples from a succulent. It has a prickly texture. The succulent has a prismatic crystalline flower that smells scentless.


DAY 1070:
Another one for the record books: 152 meters tall and 0.25 meters across. The bark has a subtle pink color and is smooth. The leaves are bath mat-sized, long needle, and purple. The fruit is a prism-like cluster berry with a leathery skin that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's yellow and has a fleshy texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 1071:
Discovered one of the trees of interest today and holy shit it's impressive. The report makes note of the size but a 188 meter tree isn't really experienced until your standing in front of it and hurting your neck trying (and failing) to see the top. The bark has a subtle iridescent color and is smooth. The leaves are human-sized, saw-toothed, and prismatic. The fruit is a prism-like human-sized fruit with a leathery skin that is white on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's ochre and has a fleshy texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 1072:
A little guy today, a tree just 1 meters tall and 0.125 across. The bark is rough patterned and brown. The leaves are plate-sized, ovoid, and maroon. The fruit is a sickle-shaped human-sized fruit with a soft skin that is red on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's orange and has a hard texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 1073:
Found a tan and prismatic metal to add to the samples.


DAY 1074:
Accidentally angered an animal today while delving a pit. Not sure if it was defensive or hungry but I'm lucky to have gotten away. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 9 compound eyes and pink and white leathery skin. And it was gigantic. Easily 1250 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 1075:
Came across a uncomfortable looking animal while crossing some woodland today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was green, pink and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 3 light receptors. It moved by brachiating through the woodland. A marvelously unique thing.


DAY 1076:
It's been 1076 days already (or finally depending on my mood) but I'm leaving Vzdcyr today.I have 428 shells of ammunition left and 669 packs of medicine left and preliminary reports from base suggest my collection of specimens will be worth around 15196 credits. Not a bad haul. Possibly even worth the nightmares I've added to my brain's collection.


DAY 1:
They're sending me to Vzdcyr next. I've got supplies for 3039 days. Apparently this new planet is teeming with life. No fewer than 11350 distinct candidate research species are outlined in the briefing. Supposedly this planet is also mineral rich. The probes found 1130 valuable mineral traces while they were there. I guess I should try to get some sleep now. Tomorrow is going to be rough. 


DAY 2:
Came across a new looking animal while walking a forest today. Didn't appear to notice me. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was green, pink and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 3 light receptors. It moved by brachiating through the forest. A troublingly one of a kind occurrence.


DAY 3:
Found a ochre and orange crystal to add to the samples. It's a mostly opaque orthorhombic crystal.


DAY 4:
Discovered a tall grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture.


DAY 5:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark has a subtle prismatic color and is rough patterned. The leaves are small, long needle, and pink. The fruit is a oblong small berry with a textured shell that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a fibrous texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 6:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a purple metal that appears iridescent if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 7:



DAY 8:



DAY 9:



DAY 10:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a brown crystal that appears green if you hold it to the light just right. It's a mostly opaque orthorhombic crystal.


DAY 11:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 12:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark of this tree is rough patterned and has a web of orange veins across it. The leaves are bath mat-sized, ovoid, and teal. The fruit is a spiky human-sized fruit with a leathery skin that is yellow on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a firm texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 13:



DAY 14:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 15:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 3025 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 16:
Took samples from a tall grass. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 17:
Accidentally angered an animal today while hiking in an alluvial valley. I'm skipping this area this time around. Not worth it. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 3 light receptors and opalescent and white armor scaled skin. And it was large. Easily 100 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 18:
Found an interesting filamentous virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 19:



DAY 20:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with white and orange.


DAY 21:
Took samples from a cluster grass. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 22:
Came across a fucked up looking animal while walking through a highland desert today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have armor scaled skin that was ochre, red and splotchy. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking proboscis and 3 light receptors. It moved by undulating through the highland desert. A marvelously impressive event.


DAY 23:



DAY 24:



DAY 25:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while delving a fissure today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have prickly skin that was orange, ochre and spotted. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a baleen mouth and 7 focusing lens eyes. It moved by walking through the fissure. A truly new occurrence.


DAY 26:
I was attacked today while crossing some woodland. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 3 light receptors and brown and maroon ridged chitin. And it was large. Easily 100 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 27:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark of this tree is rough patterned and has a web of pink veins across it. The leaves are small, rectangular, and maroon. The fruit is a sickle-shaped pebble-sized berry with a leathery skin that is black on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's teal and has a mushy texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 28:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 29:
Another tree discovered. It's 32 meters tall and 1.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark of this tree is spined and has a web of green veins across it. The leaves are bath mat-sized, long needle, and white. The fruit is a oblong small berry with a smooth shell that is ochre on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's brown and has a fleshy texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 30:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a opalescent rock that appears orange if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 31:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 32:
I was exploring a glacial lake today and disturbed one of the local animals. It seems to have given me a shattered humurus and a battered gut. Not sure if it was a defensive attack or if it was hunting me. I'm lucky I'm not dead. The creature was huge. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 1250 kg.


DAY 33:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 3007 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 34:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a prismatic metal that appears ochre if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 35:
Came across a uncomfortable looking animal while crossing a forest today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have furry skin that was tan, orange and crystalline-patterned. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a long beak and 9 light receptors. It moved by slithering through the forest. A very interesting event.


DAY 36:



DAY 37:
Discovered a herb today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture. The herb has a white sun burst flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 38:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 39:
Came across a new looking animal while exploring a desert today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was brown, orange and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a scissor and enzyme mouth and 6 focusing lens eyes. It moved by flying through the desert. A troublingly uncomfortable creature.


DAY 40:



DAY 41:
Found a cluster grass for the archives today. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 42:
Found an interesting spherical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 43:
Found a ochre and tan crystal to add to the samples. It's a opaque triclinic crystal.


DAY 44:



DAY 45:
I was walking through a desert today and disturbed one of the local animals. Feels like I have a cut ulna and a broken rib. I'm not going back there. Not worth it. Not on a solo mission. Whatever it was that attacked me it was behemoth. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the desert as it came towards me was terrifying.


DAY 46:
Taking the day to rest, read over the specimen logs, and drink another glass of the whiskey I brought along. It hasn't been as bad as it could be, but my body is feeling pretty beat up so hiding in the bubble for awhile seems like the best option. Just 2994 days left before I fly the fuck outta here. Hopefully these specimens I've captured will be worth enough to float me for awhile.


DAY 47:



DAY 48:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a opalescent crystal that appears red if you hold it to the light just right. Looks like a mostly transparent hexagonal crystalline structure. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 49:
Got some nausea from coming into contact with an alien virus today.


DAY 50:
Accidentally angered an animal today while hiking in some tundra. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. The creature was large. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 250 kg.


DAY 51:
Came across a uncomfortable looking animal while walking through a desert today. Didn't appear to notice me. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was prismatic, orange and tessellated. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 2 light receptors. It moved by walking through the desert. A troublingly bizarre animal.


DAY 52:
Another tree discovered. It's 12 meters tall and 0.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. It's got brown bark that's rough and deep-ridged to touch. The leaves are tiny, short needle, and black. The fruit is a spherical human-sized fruit with a textured shell that is maroon on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a mushy texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 53:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 54:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark of this tree is spined and has a web of pink veins across it. The leaves are small, ovoid, and white. The fruit is a oblong pebble-sized berry with a smooth shell that is maroon on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a mushy texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 55:
Another tree discovered. It's 20 meters tall and 3.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark is smooth and yellow. The leaves are tiny, long needle, and blue. The fruit is a spherical human-sized fruit with a soft skin that is ochre on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's iridescent and has a mushy texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 56:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark of this tree is smooth and has a web of white veins across it. The leaves are bath mat-sized, short needle, and white. The fruit is a ridged pebble-sized berry with a textured shell that is white on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's white and has a firm texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 57:



DAY 58:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with brown and tan.


DAY 59:
Found a blue and red metal to add to the samples.


DAY 60:
Discovered a cactus today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture. The cactus has a maroon sun burst flower that smells fruity.


DAY 61:
Discovered a moss today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture. The moss has a white prismatic flower that smells spiced.


DAY 62:
Came across a impressive looking animal while walking a forest today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have armor scaled skin that was prismatic, ochre and splotchy. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a long beak and 2 compound eyes. It moved by crawling through the forest. A troublingly interesting animal.


DAY 63:



DAY 64:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark has a subtle red color and is spined. The leaves are tiny, short needle, and white. The fruit is a oblong human-sized fruit with a spiny husk that is pink on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's pink and has a crisp texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 65:
Came across a uncomfortable looking animal while exploring a forest today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have smooth chitin that was brown, white and striped. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth and 4 light receptors. It moved by propulsing through the forest. A troublingly impressive creature.


DAY 66:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a ochre metal that appears pink if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 67:
Found a black and ochre metal to add to the samples.


DAY 68:



DAY 69:
Found a moss for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The moss has a ochre lipped flower that smells spiced.


DAY 70:
I set out to delving a pit early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. Whatever it was that attacked me it was large. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the pit as it came towards me was terrifying.


DAY 71:
Came across a new looking animal while walking some woodland today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was teal, opalescent and crystalline-patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 9 compound eyes. It moved by brachiating through the woodland. A truly uncomfortable sight.


DAY 72:



DAY 73:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 74:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with yellow and orange.


DAY 75:
Came across a unique looking animal while boating on a lake today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was red, blue and tessellated. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a baleen mouth and 5 compound eyes. It moved by crawling through the lake. A troublingly fucked up creature.


DAY 76:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark of this tree is smooth and has a web of white veins across it. The leaves are tiny, ovoid, and maroon. The fruit is a toroid human-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is green on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a firm texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 77:
Took samples from a cluster grass. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 78:



DAY 79:
Took samples from a tall grass. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 80:
Found a tan and ochre crystal to add to the samples. It's a translucent cubic crystal.


DAY 81:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with maroon and yellow. Material doesn't appear to have any energy potential or interesting properties.


DAY 82:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 83:



DAY 84:
Found a short grass for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture.


DAY 85:



DAY 86:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark is spined and blue. The leaves are bath mat-sized, toroid, and blue. The fruit is a ridged head-sized fruit with a spiny husk that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a fleshy texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 87:



DAY 88:
I was attacked today while exploring a lake. I'm going to leave this area for a different expedition. Whatever it was that attacked me it was gigantic. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the lake as it came towards me was terrifying.


DAY 89:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 90:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 91:



DAY 92:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 48 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.5 meters. The bark of this tree is bumpy and has a web of prismatic veins across it. The leaves are tiny, long needle, and black. The fruit is a oblong head-sized fruit with a leathery skin that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a fibrous texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 93:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 94:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with ochre and white.


DAY 95:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with ochre and black. Looks like a opaque hexagonal crystalline structure.


DAY 96:



DAY 97:
Came across a impressive looking animal while walking some woodland today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have smooth chitin that was white, opalescent and splotchy. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 3 light receptors. It moved by brachiating through the woodland. A marvelously interesting creature.


DAY 98:
Discovered a cactus today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture. The cactus has a blue pronged flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 99:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 100:
Discovered a herb today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture. The herb has a yellow prismatic flower that smells fruity.


DAY 101:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 102:
Found a red and teal rock to add to the samples.


DAY 103:
Found a purple and green rock to add to the samples. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 104:
Came across a impressive looking animal while hiking in an alluvial valley today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have soft skin that was yellow, maroon and spotted. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a scissor and enzyme mouth and 3 compound eyes. It moved by undulating through the alluvial valley. A very one of a kind animal.


DAY 105:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 106:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 2934 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 107:
Took samples from a succulent. It has a prickly texture. The succulent has a red sun burst flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 108:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 109:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with iridescent and red.


DAY 110:



DAY 111:
I found one of the trees today, a fairly small one at around 1 meters tall. Looks almost like an orchard of them. The bark of this tree is rough and deep-ridged and has a web of iridescent veins across it. The leaves are bath mat-sized, long needle, and pink. The fruit is a spherical cluster berry with a smooth shell that is iridescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's red and has a firm texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 112:
Found an interesting helical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 113:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a pink metal that appears red if you hold it to the light just right. Other than it's looks the sample seems like a dud.


DAY 114:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 120 meters tall and with a diameter of around 18.5 meters. The bark is spined and green. The leaves are bath mat-sized, toroid, and opalescent. The fruit is a ridged head-sized fruit with a spiny husk that is pink on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a mushy texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 115:



DAY 116:
Found an interesting filamentous virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 117:
I was exploring some woodland today and disturbed one of the local animals. I saw it coming from a ways away, thank god, and was able to retreat to a safe place. The creature was behemoth. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 160000 kg.


DAY 118:
Found an interesting spherical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 119:
Found a pink and opalescent rock to add to the samples.


DAY 120:
Found a cactus for the archives today. It has a prickly texture. The cactus has a brown fluffball flower that smells slightly sweet.


DAY 121:



DAY 122:
I set out to delving a fissure early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. I'm skipping this area this time around. Not worth it. Whatever it was that attacked me it was behemoth. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the fissure as it came towards me was frightening.


DAY 123:
Found a red and teal metal to add to the samples.


DAY 124:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with maroon and pink. It's a translucent cubic crystal.


DAY 125:
Accidentally angered an animal today while exploring a pit. Not sure if it was defensive or hungry but I'm lucky to have gotten away. The creature was gigantic. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 10000 kg.


DAY 126:
Found an interesting helical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 127:
Something on this planet just gave me the shits. Lucky it wasn't something worse.


DAY 128:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 2912 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 129:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 130:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 131:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 132:
Found a cluster grass for the archives today. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 133:



DAY 134:
Another tree discovered. It's 12 meters tall and 0.125 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark has a subtle prismatic color and is smooth. The leaves are plate-sized, long needle, and pink. The fruit is a spherical pebble-sized berry with a textured shell that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's teal and has a crisp texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 135:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a blue crystal that appears tan if you hold it to the light just right. It's a opaque trigonal crystal. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 136:
Accidentally angered an animal today while crossing a forest. I'm going to leave this area for a different expedition. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 10 focusing lens eyes and pink and opalescent smooth chitin. And it was gigantic. Easily 1250 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 137:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with pink and teal. Looks like a mostly opaque monoclinic crystalline structure.


DAY 138:
I set out to swimming in a sea early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. The creature was large. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 250 kg.


DAY 139:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 140:



DAY 141:
Found a white and teal crystal to add to the samples. It's a translucent triclinic crystal. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 142:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with opalescent and brown.


DAY 143:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 188 meters tall and with a diameter of around 8.0 meters. The bark has a subtle red color and is spined. The leaves are hand-sized, pronged, and tan. The fruit is a oblong human-sized fruit with a soft skin that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's yellow and has a mealy texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 144:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with tan and prismatic. Looks like a transparent hexagonal crystalline structure. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 145:
Found a iridescent and white crystal to add to the samples. It's a opaque orthorhombic crystal. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 146:



DAY 147:
Came across a new looking animal while walking through some woodland today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was tan, blue and spotted. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a baleen mouth and 10 focusing lens eyes. It moved by walking through the woodland. A very one of a kind animal.


DAY 148:
Took samples from a cluster grass. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 149:



DAY 150:



DAY 151:



DAY 152:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while walking a forest today. Didn't appear to notice me. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have smooth chitin that was prismatic, teal and crystalline-patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 7 compound eyes. It moved by flying through the forest. A troublingly uncomfortable animal.


DAY 153:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 154:
Came across a uncomfortable looking animal while exploring some tundra today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was yellow, opalescent and splotchy. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a bill and 9 compound eyes. It moved by slithering through the tundra. A marvelously interesting creature.


DAY 155:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 156:
The virus I came into contact today must've infected me. Running a fever and was getting delirious. In the autodoc now.


DAY 157:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 2883 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 158:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with maroon and yellow. It's a opaque trigonal crystal. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 159:



DAY 160:



DAY 161:
I set out to crossing a highland desert early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. The creature was large. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 250 kg.


DAY 162:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 163:



DAY 164:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark has a subtle red color and is spined. The leaves are hand-sized, short needle, and teal. The fruit is a ridged small berry with a textured shell that is orange on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's orange and has a fleshy texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 165:
Took samples from a herb. It has a prickly texture. The herb has a red sun burst flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 166:
I set out to exploring a pit early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. I'm skipping this area this time around. Not worth it. Whatever it was that attacked me it was gigantic. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the pit as it came towards me was frightening.


DAY 167:
Came across a new looking animal while crossing some woodland today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was green, opalescent and mottled. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 4 focusing lens eyes. It moved by slithering through the woodland. A truly fucked up sight.


DAY 168:



DAY 169:
Came across a fucked up looking animal while walking a highland desert today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have ridged chitin that was teal, red and splotchy. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 10 compound eyes. It moved by propulsing through the highland desert. A truly fucked up animal.


DAY 170:
Took samples from a cluster grass. It has a prickly texture.


DAY 171:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 32 meters tall and with a diameter of around 2.0 meters. The bark is rough and deep-ridged and blue. The leaves are human-sized, short needle, and iridescent. The fruit is a toroid pebble-sized berry with a smooth shell that is prismatic on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a fleshy texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 172:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 173:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 2867 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 174:



DAY 175:
Another tree discovered. It's 188 meters tall and 3.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark has a subtle teal color and is spined. The leaves are small, long needle, and opalescent. The fruit is a sickle-shaped human-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is red on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's tan and has a mushy texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 176:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a teal rock that appears blue if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 177:



DAY 178:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with maroon and pink. It's a translucent cubic crystal.


DAY 179:
Discovered a cactus today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture. The cactus has a green lipped flower that smells fruity.


DAY 180:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 32 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.25 meters. The bark has a subtle prismatic color and is rough patterned. The leaves are plate-sized, long needle, and ochre. The fruit is a ridged head-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is purple on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a mealy texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 181:



DAY 182:



DAY 183:
Took samples from a cactus. It has a fuzzy texture. The cactus has a yellow crystalline flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 184:



DAY 185:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 186:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 187:
Took samples from a cluster grass. It has a fuzzy texture.


DAY 188:
Found a pink and prismatic rock to add to the samples. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 189:
Found a white and yellow crystal to add to the samples. Looks like a mostly opaque tetragonal crystalline structure. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 190:
Found an interesting filamentous virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 191:



DAY 192:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 193:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with tan and green. It's a translucent hexagonal crystal. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 194:



DAY 195:



DAY 196:
Came across a fucked up looking animal while crossing a forest today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have armor scaled skin that was green, blue and splotchy. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a scissor and enzyme mouth and 7 light receptors. It moved by crawling through the forest. A very unique sight.


DAY 197:
I was attacked today while crossing some tundra. I saw it coming from a ways away, thank god, and was able to retreat to a safe place. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 2 focusing lens eyes and green and white ridged chitin. And it was behemoth. Easily 10000 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 198:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with maroon and orange. It's a translucent orthorhombic crystal. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 199:
Another tree discovered. It's 6 meters tall and 0.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. It's got opalescent bark that's bumpy to touch. The leaves are small, pronged, and orange. The fruit is a spiky human-sized fruit with a soft skin that is red on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's iridescent and has a mushy texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 200:
I set out to exploring a pit early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. The creature was huge. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 1250 kg.


DAY 201:
I was crossing a forest today and disturbed one of the local animals. I saw it coming from a ways away, thank god, and was able to retreat to a safe place. Whatever it was that attacked me it was gigantic. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the forest as it came towards me was telling.


DAY 202:
It's a big one today -- a 188 meter tall tree. The bark is bumpy and purple. The leaves are bath mat-sized, long needle, and tan. The fruit is a toroid pebble-sized berry with a soft skin that is white on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's tan and has a crisp texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 203:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 32 meters tall and with a diameter of around 1.0 meters. The bark has a subtle black color and is spined. The leaves are bath mat-sized, toroid, and blue. The fruit is a ridged pebble-sized berry with a smooth shell that is green on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a fleshy texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 204:
Discovered a moss today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture. The moss has a brown fluffball flower that smells scentless.


DAY 205:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a teal metal that appears white if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 206:
I set out to swimming in an inland sea early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. Whatever it was that attacked me it was large. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the sea as it came towards me was tremendous.


DAY 207:
Came across a new looking animal while exploring a sea today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have armor scaled skin that was opalescent, green and splotchy. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 9 compound eyes. It moved by crawling through the sea. A truly unique animal.


DAY 208:



DAY 209:



DAY 210:



DAY 211:
Discovered a moss today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture. The moss has a white fluffball flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 212:
Found an interesting filamentous virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 213:
Found a brown and maroon rock to add to the samples. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 214:
Discovered a succulent today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture. The succulent has a red lipped flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 215:
Took samples from a short grass. It has a prickly texture.


DAY 216:



DAY 217:
Found a black and green metal to add to the samples.


DAY 218:



DAY 219:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a yellow rock that appears opalescent if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 220:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with ochre and black. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 221:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 222:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 2818 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 223:



DAY 224:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with iridescent and orange.


DAY 225:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 226:
Another tree discovered. It's 48 meters tall and 8.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark has a subtle white color and is smooth. The leaves are human-sized, rectangular, and teal. The fruit is a ridged pebble-sized berry with a smooth shell that is prismatic on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's orange and has a hard texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 227:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with purple and red.


DAY 228:
Another tree discovered. It's 6 meters tall and 1.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark is smooth and pink. The leaves are hand-sized, long needle, and white. The fruit is a ridged human-sized fruit with a textured shell that is white on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a crisp texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 229:
Found an interesting spherical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 230:
Found an interesting spherical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 231:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 232:
Another tree discovered. It's 12 meters tall and 1.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark has a subtle yellow color and is spined. The leaves are tiny, long needle, and pink. The fruit is a spherical pebble-sized berry with a textured shell that is black on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's white and has a mealy texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 233:



DAY 234:
I was walking some woodland today and disturbed one of the local animals. Not sure if it was defensive or hungry but I'm lucky to have gotten away. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 9 focusing lens eyes and pink and green flabby skin. And it was behemoth. Easily 10000 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 235:
Another tree discovered. It's 12 meters tall and 0.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark is rough and deep-ridged and ochre. The leaves are plate-sized, rectangular, and prismatic. The fruit is a sickle-shaped cluster berry with a leathery skin that is opalescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's pink and has a fibrous texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 236:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark has a subtle maroon color and is smooth. The leaves are human-sized, pronged, and maroon. The fruit is a spherical small berry with a soft skin that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a mushy texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 237:



DAY 238:



DAY 239:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 120 meters tall and with a diameter of around 8.0 meters. The bark has a subtle prismatic color and is bumpy. The leaves are human-sized, long needle, and brown. The fruit is a spherical head-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is black on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's red and has a fibrous texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 240:
Found a succulent for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The succulent has a brown pronged flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 241:
Found a tan and pink rock to add to the samples. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 242:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 243:
Came across a unique looking animal while exploring some woodland today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have soft skin that was pink, purple and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 2 compound eyes. It moved by propulsing through the woodland. A very one of a kind occurrence.


DAY 244:
Came across a unique looking animal while walking some woodland today. Didn't appear to notice me. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have leathery skin that was pink, brown and striped. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a scissor and enzyme mouth and 4 light receptors. It moved by slithering through the woodland. A troublingly impressive occurrence.


DAY 245:



DAY 246:
A little guy today, a tree just 6 meters tall and 0.5 across. It's got teal bark that's bumpy to touch. The leaves are small, pronged, and iridescent. The fruit is a spherical human-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's tan and has a mealy texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 247:
Took samples from a herb. It has a prickly texture. The herb has a brown pronged flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 248:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 249:
Found a herb for the archives today. It has a smooth texture. The herb has a teal prismatic flower that smells fruity.


DAY 250:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a blue rock that appears pink if you hold it to the light just right. Material doesn't appear to have any energy potential or interesting properties.


DAY 251:



DAY 252:



DAY 253:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 254:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 2786 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 255:
Found a tree today must've been about 92 meters tall. Truly a monster. It's got black bark that's spined to touch. The leaves are small, long needle, and black. The fruit is a sickle-shaped small berry with a textured shell that is orange on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a fibrous texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 256:



DAY 257:
Discovered a tall grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture.


DAY 258:



DAY 259:



DAY 260:
Came across a impressive looking animal while walking a desert today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was yellow, maroon and spotted. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a bill and 8 light receptors. It moved by drifting through the desert. A marvelously unique event.


DAY 261:
I set out to walking a forest early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. I think I have a bruised kidney and a fractured clavicle, I'll have to wait for the autodoc to finish it's analysis though. I'm leaving this area. Going back to the last known safe place to rest in the pod. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 9 focusing lens eyes and blue and maroon smooth chitin. And it was huge. Easily 250 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 262:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 2778 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 263:



DAY 264:
Discovered a lichen today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture. The lichen has a iridescent clustered flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 265:
Came across a interesting looking animal while exploring a forest today. Didn't appear to notice me. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have smooth chitin that was brown, white and striped. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth and 4 light receptors. It moved by propulsing through the forest. A truly unique event.


DAY 266:



DAY 267:



DAY 268:
Discovered a lichen today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture. The lichen has a green clustered flower that smells fruity.


DAY 269:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 270:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 2770 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 271:



DAY 272:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 273:
Took samples from a lichen. It has a prickly texture. The lichen has a prismatic crystalline flower that smells slightly sweet.


DAY 274:
Came across a interesting looking animal while exploring some woodland today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have leathery skin that was iridescent, blue and spotted. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking proboscis and 10 compound eyes. It moved by slithering through the woodland. A truly interesting thing.


DAY 275:
Something on this planet just gave me a rash. Lucky it wasn't something worse.


DAY 276:
Found a yellow and orange crystal to add to the samples. It's a opaque cubic crystal.


DAY 277:
Another one for the record books: 152 meters tall and 23.0 meters across. The bark is bumpy and prismatic. The leaves are plate-sized, pronged, and opalescent. The fruit is a toroid palm-sized fruit with a textured shell that is opalescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's yellow and has a hard texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 278:
Found a opalescent and prismatic crystal to add to the samples. It's a mostly opaque orthorhombic crystal.


DAY 279:
I was attacked today while walking through an alluvial valley. Not sure if it was defensive or hungry but I'm lucky to have gotten away. Whatever it was that attacked me it was behemoth. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the valley as it came towards me was terrifying.


DAY 280:
Found a maroon and black rock to add to the samples. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 281:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 282:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with green and brown. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 283:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. It's got ochre bark that's smooth to touch. The leaves are tiny, ovoid, and white. The fruit is a prism-like human-sized fruit with a textured shell that is iridescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a fleshy texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 284:
Found an interesting worm-like bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 285:
Came across a bizarre looking animal while delving a pit today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have furry skin that was iridescent, green and striped. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 4 compound eyes. It moved by crawling through the pit. A marvelously unique sight.


DAY 286:
Found a moss for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The moss has a opalescent prismatic flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 287:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with red and yellow.


DAY 288:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a green metal that appears yellow if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 289:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. It's got orange bark that's rough patterned to touch. The leaves are hand-sized, toroid, and purple. The fruit is a prism-like head-sized fruit with a soft skin that is red on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a firm texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 290:
Discovered a herb today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture. The herb has a prismatic lipped flower that smells fruity.


DAY 291:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 292:
Discovered a short grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture.


DAY 293:
Came across a fucked up looking animal while delving a fissure today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was brown, black and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking proboscis and 3 focusing lens eyes. It moved by crawling through the fissure. A truly impressive occurrence.


DAY 294:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a maroon rock that appears purple if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 295:
Came across a impressive looking animal while exploring a pit today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have smooth chitin that was prismatic, purple and tessellated. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth and 3 focusing lens eyes. It moved by crawling through the pit. A truly impressive sight.


DAY 296:
Discovered a moss today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture. The moss has a tan sun burst flower that smells hypnotic.


DAY 297:



DAY 298:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark is rough and deep-ridged and pink. The leaves are hand-sized, saw-toothed, and prismatic. The fruit is a spiky palm-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a hard texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 299:



DAY 300:
Discovered a cactus today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture. The cactus has a brown crystalline flower that smells fruity.


DAY 301:
Came across a new looking animal while exploring some tundra today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was orange, opalescent and splotchy. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth and 7 light receptors. It moved by undulating through the tundra. A troublingly unique sight.


DAY 302:
Came across a impressive looking animal while exploring a lake today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was opalescent, blue and tessellated. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 10 focusing lens eyes. It moved by drifting through the lake. A troublingly unique animal.


DAY 303:



DAY 304:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a iridescent metal that appears black if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 305:
Discovered a lichen today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture. The lichen has a ochre sun burst flower that smells fruity.


DAY 306:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a purple metal that appears green if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 307:
Another one for the record books: 188 meters tall and 18.5 meters across. It's got brown bark that's rough and deep-ridged to touch. The leaves are human-sized, pronged, and pink. The fruit is a spiky small berry with a leathery skin that is iridescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a hard texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 308:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark has a subtle orange color and is bumpy. The leaves are plate-sized, toroid, and red. The fruit is a spherical pebble-sized berry with a spiny husk that is white on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's white and has a fibrous texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 309:



DAY 310:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with green and prismatic. It's a transparent hexagonal crystal.


DAY 311:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 312:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 313:



DAY 314:
Another tree discovered. It's 120 meters tall and 0.125 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark is rough and deep-ridged and ochre. The leaves are hand-sized, pronged, and purple. The fruit is a spiky human-sized fruit with a soft skin that is yellow on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's purple and has a hard texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 315:
I was walking some woodland today and disturbed one of the local animals. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 2 light receptors and teal and green scaled skin. And it was behemoth. Easily 10000 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 316:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a ochre metal that appears red if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 317:



DAY 318:



DAY 319:
Discovered a short grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 320:
I was attacked today while delving a fissure. Not sure if it was defensive or hungry but I'm lucky to have gotten away. Whatever it was that attacked me it was gigantic. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the fissure as it came towards me was telling.


DAY 321:
Discovered a lichen today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture. The lichen has a maroon pronged flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 322:



DAY 323:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with yellow and purple.


DAY 324:



DAY 325:
Took samples from a tall grass. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 326:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 327:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 2713 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 328:
Found a moss for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The moss has a white prismatic flower that smells spiced.


DAY 329:



DAY 330:



DAY 331:
Found an interesting worm-like bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 332:
Another tree discovered. It's 92 meters tall and 14.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. It's got purple bark that's bumpy to touch. The leaves are human-sized, pronged, and white. The fruit is a ridged palm-sized fruit with a soft skin that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a fleshy texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 333:



DAY 334:
Found a purple and brown metal to add to the samples.


DAY 335:



DAY 336:
Found a yellow and prismatic rock to add to the samples.


DAY 337:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with blue and black.


DAY 338:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 339:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 68 meters tall and with a diameter of around 5.5 meters. The bark has a subtle purple color and is rough patterned. The leaves are bath mat-sized, saw-toothed, and red. The fruit is a ridged human-sized fruit with a soft skin that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a fibrous texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 340:



DAY 341:
Found a opalescent and black rock to add to the samples. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 342:
I was attacked today while hiking some tundra. I saw it coming from a ways away, thank god, and was able to retreat to a safe place. Whatever it was that attacked me it was huge. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the tundra as it came towards me was frightening.


DAY 343:
Came across a unique looking animal while boating on an inland sea today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have armor scaled skin that was opalescent, green and mottled. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 4 compound eyes. It moved by drifting through the inland sea. A truly one of a kind sight.


DAY 344:



DAY 345:
Came across a impressive looking animal while crossing a forest today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have smooth chitin that was teal, prismatic and striped. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 2 compound eyes. It moved by slithering through the forest. A troublingly one of a kind thing.


DAY 346:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a tan metal that appears blue if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 347:
Found a yellow and iridescent rock to add to the samples.


DAY 348:



DAY 349:
Found a purple and black metal to add to the samples.


DAY 350:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 12 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.5 meters. It's got tan bark that's spined to touch. The leaves are hand-sized, toroid, and red. The fruit is a prism-like human-sized fruit with a leathery skin that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's pink and has a fleshy texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 351:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 352:
Came across a interesting looking animal while exploring a cave today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have leathery skin that was prismatic, red and spotted. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 4 focusing lens eyes. It moved by slithering through the cave. A troublingly impressive animal.


DAY 353:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark is spined and red. The leaves are plate-sized, toroid, and white. The fruit is a oblong human-sized fruit with a leathery skin that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's brown and has a mealy texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 354:
Found a succulent for the archives today. It has a leathery texture. The succulent has a purple pronged flower that smells rotten.


DAY 355:
Found a opalescent and teal crystal to add to the samples. It's a transparent tetragonal crystal.


DAY 356:
Found a ochre and maroon metal to add to the samples.


DAY 357:
Found a herb for the archives today. It has a smooth texture. The herb has a maroon sun burst flower that smells slightly sweet.


DAY 358:



DAY 359:



DAY 360:
Accidentally angered an animal today while exploring a pit. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 5 compound eyes and ochre and prismatic soft skin. And it was large. Easily 100 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 361:



DAY 362:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 363:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 364:
Another tree discovered. It's 92 meters tall and 0.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark is spined and orange. The leaves are tiny, pronged, and purple. The fruit is a oblong cluster berry with a spiny husk that is green on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's white and has a mushy texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 365:
Took samples from a moss. It has a fuzzy texture. The moss has a iridescent prismatic flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 366:
Came across a bizarre looking animal while crossing some woodland today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was teal, green and spotted. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 2 light receptors. It moved by slithering through the woodland. A troublingly one of a kind occurrence.


DAY 367:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 368:



DAY 369:



DAY 370:
Took samples from a succulent. It has a smooth texture. The succulent has a yellow crystalline flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 371:
Discovered a moss today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture. The moss has a purple lipped flower that smells hypnotic.


DAY 372:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 373:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with red and tan. It's a mostly opaque tetragonal crystal. Other than it's looks the sample seems like a dud.


DAY 374:



DAY 375:
Found a short grass for the archives today. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 376:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 377:
Found an interesting helical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 378:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 379:



DAY 380:



DAY 381:
Another tree discovered. It's 48 meters tall and 8.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark is rough and deep-ridged and pink. The leaves are hand-sized, saw-toothed, and prismatic. The fruit is a spiky palm-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a hard texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 382:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a pink rock that appears white if you hold it to the light just right. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 383:



DAY 384:



DAY 385:
Found an interesting worm-like bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 386:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 387:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with prismatic and iridescent. Looks like a mostly opaque monoclinic crystalline structure.


DAY 388:
Came across a new looking animal while walking a forest today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have furry skin that was iridescent, blue and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a long beak and 3 light receptors. It moved by brachiating through the forest. A troublingly interesting creature.


DAY 389:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark is bumpy and pink. The leaves are bath mat-sized, ovoid, and green. The fruit is a oblong cluster berry with a smooth shell that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's blue and has a crisp texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 390:
Took samples from a moss. It has a leathery texture. The moss has a yellow crystalline flower that smells scentless.


DAY 391:
Discovered a herb today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture. The herb has a maroon sun burst flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 392:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with green and blue. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 393:
I set out to walking a forest early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. The creature was large. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 250 kg.


DAY 394:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 395:
Found a moss for the archives today. It has a leathery texture. The moss has a black clustered flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 396:
Came across a impressive looking animal while hiking some woodland today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was prismatic, black and tessellated. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 10 light receptors. It moved by slithering through the woodland. A very impressive sight.


DAY 397:
Found a tall grass for the archives today. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 398:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 20 meters tall and with a diameter of around 2.0 meters. The bark of this tree is rough patterned and has a web of purple veins across it. The leaves are tiny, saw-toothed, and tan. The fruit is a spherical head-sized fruit with a soft skin that is white on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's brown and has a fleshy texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 399:
Discovered a lichen today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture. The lichen has a opalescent prismatic flower that smells scentless.


DAY 400:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a iridescent crystal that appears white if you hold it to the light just right. Looks like a mostly opaque trigonal crystalline structure. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 401:



DAY 402:
I was exploring a cave today and disturbed one of the local animals. I'm going to leave this area for a different expedition. Whatever it was that attacked me it was large. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the cave as it came towards me was tremendous.


DAY 403:



DAY 404:
Took samples from a cactus. It has a leathery texture. The cactus has a iridescent clustered flower that smells rotten.


DAY 405:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a blue rock that appears orange if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 406:
I set out to hiking a forest early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. I saw it coming from a ways away, thank god, and was able to retreat to a safe place. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 3 focusing lens eyes and green and teal flabby skin. And it was behemoth. Easily 10000 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 407:
Discovered one of the trees of interest today and holy shit it's impressive. The report makes note of the size but a 152 meter tree isn't really experienced until your standing in front of it and hurting your neck trying (and failing) to see the top. The bark of this tree is spined and has a web of tan veins across it. The leaves are small, long needle, and brown. The fruit is a sickle-shaped small berry with a leathery skin that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's tan and has a mealy texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 408:
Found a succulent for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The succulent has a ochre prismatic flower that smells hypnotic.


DAY 409:



DAY 410:



DAY 411:
Accidentally angered an animal today while delving a fissure. I'm going to leave this area for a different expedition. The creature was huge. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 1250 kg.


DAY 412:



DAY 413:
Discovered a cactus today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture. The cactus has a tan fluffball flower that smells scentless.


DAY 414:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with teal and pink. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 415:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 416:
Came across a new looking animal while delving a cave today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was green, brown and spotted. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a razored beak and 6 focusing lens eyes. It moved by slithering through the cave. A very bizarre thing.


DAY 417:



DAY 418:
Found a succulent for the archives today. It has a leathery texture. The succulent has a purple fluffball flower that smells rotten.


DAY 419:
I set out to exploring a cave early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. I'm skipping this area this time around. Not worth it. The creature was large. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 250 kg.


DAY 420:
Another tree discovered. It's 92 meters tall and 0.25 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. It's got prismatic bark that's rough and deep-ridged to touch. The leaves are tiny, ovoid, and teal. The fruit is a spiky palm-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is orange on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's blue and has a mushy texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 421:
Discovered a moss today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture. The moss has a pink sun burst flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 422:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark has a subtle red color and is bumpy. The leaves are hand-sized, toroid, and iridescent. The fruit is a spherical pebble-sized berry with a soft skin that is pink on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a fleshy texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 423:



DAY 424:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a maroon rock that appears purple if you hold it to the light just right. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 425:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with purple and opalescent.


DAY 426:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 427:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 428:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark is bumpy and black. The leaves are tiny, pronged, and iridescent. The fruit is a oblong cluster berry with a fuzzy husk that is pink on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's tan and has a mushy texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 429:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 430:
Found a teal and white rock to add to the samples.


DAY 431:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 1 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.125 meters. It's got opalescent bark that's spined to touch. The leaves are tiny, ovoid, and ochre. The fruit is a sickle-shaped palm-sized fruit with a textured shell that is yellow on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a crisp texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 432:



DAY 433:
Came across a new looking animal while exploring a desert today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have furry skin that was tan, maroon and spotted. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 7 light receptors. It moved by undulating through the desert. A marvelously uncomfortable sight.


DAY 434:
Found a tree today must've been about 188 meters tall. Truly a monster. The bark has a subtle iridescent color and is smooth. The leaves are plate-sized, ovoid, and blue. The fruit is a sickle-shaped human-sized fruit with a leathery skin that is teal on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a crisp texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 435:
It's a big one today -- a 120 meter tall tree. The bark of this tree is bumpy and has a web of prismatic veins across it. The leaves are hand-sized, ovoid, and white. The fruit is a sickle-shaped pebble-sized berry with a textured shell that is black on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's blue and has a firm texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 436:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 437:
I found one of the trees today, a fairly small one at around 6 meters tall. Looks almost like an orchard of them. It's got black bark that's rough patterned to touch. The leaves are human-sized, short needle, and iridescent. The fruit is a toroid head-sized fruit with a soft skin that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a fibrous texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 438:
I set out to delving a pit early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 4 compound eyes and tan and green furry skin. And it was behemoth. Easily 10000 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 439:
Came across a unique looking animal while exploring a forest today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have ridged chitin that was tan, ochre and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 7 focusing lens eyes. It moved by slithering through the forest. A truly new thing.


DAY 440:
Took samples from a cluster grass. It has a prickly texture.


DAY 441:
I was attacked today while hiking in a highland desert. I'm skipping this area this time around. Not worth it. Whatever it was that attacked me it was large. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the desert as it came towards me was tremendous.


DAY 442:



DAY 443:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 444:
Came across a interesting looking animal while crossing some woodland today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have soft skin that was white, orange and splotchy. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking fangs and 9 light receptors. It moved by slithering through the woodland. A marvelously new occurrence.


DAY 445:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with iridescent and teal.


DAY 446:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a prismatic crystal that appears pink if you hold it to the light just right. It's a mostly opaque hexagonal crystal. Material doesn't appear to have any energy potential or interesting properties.


DAY 447:
Found a short grass for the archives today. It has a prickly texture.


DAY 448:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 449:
Took samples from a succulent. It has a leathery texture. The succulent has a purple pronged flower that smells rotten.


DAY 450:



DAY 451:
Discovered a herb today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture. The herb has a green prismatic flower that smells fruity.


DAY 452:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 120 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.5 meters. The bark of this tree is spined and has a web of iridescent veins across it. The leaves are bath mat-sized, short needle, and brown. The fruit is a ridged pebble-sized berry with a textured shell that is orange on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's ochre and has a fleshy texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 453:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with prismatic and orange.


DAY 454:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 455:
Another tree discovered. It's 92 meters tall and 11.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark has a subtle pink color and is rough patterned. The leaves are plate-sized, ovoid, and green. The fruit is a oblong palm-sized fruit with a textured shell that is red on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's yellow and has a crisp texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 456:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a yellow crystal that appears red if you hold it to the light just right. It's a transparent monoclinic crystal. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 457:



DAY 458:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while exploring a pit today. Didn't appear to notice me. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was prismatic, black and mottled. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 5 focusing lens eyes. It moved by walking through the pit. A very bizarre creature.


DAY 459:
Something on this planet just gave me a rash. Lucky it wasn't something worse.


DAY 460:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 2580 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 461:
I set out to exploring a lake early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Not sure if it was defensive or hungry but I'm lucky to have gotten away. The creature was behemoth. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 160000 kg.


DAY 462:



DAY 463:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a black rock that appears teal if you hold it to the light just right. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 464:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 1 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.125 meters. The bark has a subtle prismatic color and is rough and deep-ridged. The leaves are tiny, saw-toothed, and maroon. The fruit is a oblong small berry with a soft skin that is black on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's pink and has a mealy texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 465:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 466:
Came across a new looking animal while delving a pit today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have ridged chitin that was black, orange and tessellated. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a bill and 3 focusing lens eyes. It moved by walking through the pit. A troublingly one of a kind creature.


DAY 467:
Came across a interesting looking animal while crossing a forest today. Didn't appear to notice me. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was purple, black and tessellated. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 3 light receptors. It moved by crawling through the forest. A troublingly interesting animal.


DAY 468:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with black and opalescent.


DAY 469:
I found one of the trees today, a fairly small one at around 1 meters tall. Looks almost like an orchard of them. The bark of this tree is bumpy and has a web of ochre veins across it. The leaves are small, saw-toothed, and tan. The fruit is a spiky human-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is purple on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's brown and has a mealy texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 470:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 471:
I was walking some woodland today and disturbed one of the local animals. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 3 compound eyes and pink and red smooth chitin. And it was large. Easily 100 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 472:
Found a tree today must've been about 152 meters tall. Truly a monster. The bark has a subtle iridescent color and is rough patterned. The leaves are small, short needle, and maroon. The fruit is a ridged human-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is green on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a mealy texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 473:



DAY 474:
I found one of the trees today, a fairly small one at around 1 meters tall. Looks almost like an orchard of them. The bark of this tree is bumpy and has a web of green veins across it. The leaves are bath mat-sized, rectangular, and yellow. The fruit is a spiky small berry with a smooth shell that is purple on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's purple and has a crisp texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 475:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark has a subtle yellow color and is smooth. The leaves are hand-sized, ovoid, and yellow. The fruit is a toroid head-sized fruit with a soft skin that is prismatic on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a firm texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 476:
Came across a impressive looking animal while exploring a cave today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have ridged chitin that was purple, prismatic and tessellated. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 2 light receptors. It moved by walking through the cave. A very one of a kind sight.


DAY 477:



DAY 478:
Came across a interesting looking animal while delving a cave today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was white, yellow and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 9 light receptors. It moved by crawling through the cave. A very bizarre event.


DAY 479:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a prismatic rock that appears maroon if you hold it to the light just right. Other than it's looks the sample seems like a dud.


DAY 480:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 481:
Found an interesting helical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 482:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with purple and ochre. It's a opaque tetragonal crystal.


DAY 483:
Started feeling strange during my expedition today. Getting treated at base right now and it looks like it was a virus that I ran into that was attacking my kidneys.


DAY 484:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 2556 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 485:
Discovered one of the trees of interest today and holy shit it's impressive. The report makes note of the size but a 152 meter tree isn't really experienced until your standing in front of it and hurting your neck trying (and failing) to see the top. The bark is rough and deep-ridged and opalescent. The leaves are tiny, ovoid, and red. The fruit is a ridged cluster berry with a textured shell that is purple on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's orange and has a hard texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 486:



DAY 487:
Found an interesting spherical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 488:
Found a prismatic and red rock to add to the samples.


DAY 489:
Accidentally angered an animal today while walking a forest. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. Whatever it was that attacked me it was large. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the forest as it came towards me was telling.


DAY 490:
Found a green and tan crystal to add to the samples. Looks like a translucent monoclinic crystalline structure.


DAY 491:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 492:
Took samples from a succulent. It has a leathery texture. The succulent has a white crystalline flower that smells spiced.


DAY 493:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 494:
Took samples from a cluster grass. It has a fuzzy texture.


DAY 495:
Another tree discovered. It's 92 meters tall and 5.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark has a subtle brown color and is bumpy. The leaves are human-sized, toroid, and blue. The fruit is a toroid palm-sized fruit with a textured shell that is green on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a hard texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 496:



DAY 497:
Found a moss for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The moss has a ochre prismatic flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 498:
Came across a fucked up looking animal while exploring a fissure today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was tan, orange and tessellated. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 9 compound eyes. It moved by walking through the fissure. A very fucked up event.


DAY 499:
Found a lichen for the archives today. It has a smooth texture. The lichen has a maroon pronged flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 500:
Another tree discovered. It's 48 meters tall and 0.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. It's got opalescent bark that's smooth to touch. The leaves are bath mat-sized, saw-toothed, and ochre. The fruit is a sickle-shaped pebble-sized berry with a smooth shell that is black on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a hard texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 501:
I was attacked today while delving a cave. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. The creature was large. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 250 kg.


DAY 502:



DAY 503:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark has a subtle orange color and is rough patterned. The leaves are hand-sized, short needle, and teal. The fruit is a oblong palm-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's pink and has a crisp texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 504:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 505:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with iridescent and ochre. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 506:
Came across a fucked up looking animal while exploring a pit today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have soft skin that was prismatic, pink and splotchy. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a scissor and enzyme mouth and 5 compound eyes. It moved by slithering through the pit. A marvelously interesting animal.


DAY 507:



DAY 508:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with red and ochre. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 509:
I set out to hiking a desert early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. I'm skipping this area this time around. Not worth it. Whatever it was that attacked me it was gigantic. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the desert as it came towards me was telling.


DAY 510:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a opalescent metal that appears blue if you hold it to the light just right. Other than it's looks the sample seems like a dud.


DAY 511:
I was delving a cave today and disturbed one of the local animals. I think I have a bruised kidney and a bruised tibia, I'll have to wait for the autodoc to finish it's analysis though. I noticed something was off. Barely acted fast enough. I think I'm safe now though. It was monstrous. Maybe 100 kg and possibly much much more. It had blue and pink ridged chitin and a unsettling scissor and enzyme mouth. So lucky to be here still.


DAY 512:
Taking the day to rest, read over the specimen logs, and drink another glass of the whiskey I brought along. It hasn't been as bad as it could be, but my body is feeling pretty beat up so hiding in the bubble for awhile seems like the best option. Just 2528 days left before I fly the fuck outta here. Hopefully these specimens I've captured will be worth enough to float me for awhile.


DAY 513:
Another tree discovered. It's 20 meters tall and 1.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark is smooth and tan. The leaves are plate-sized, pronged, and white. The fruit is a sickle-shaped cluster berry with a fuzzy husk that is teal on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's pink and has a crisp texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 514:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 515:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with orange and teal. It's a mostly opaque trigonal crystal. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 516:
Found a brown and prismatic rock to add to the samples. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 517:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. It's got pink bark that's rough and deep-ridged to touch. The leaves are small, short needle, and teal. The fruit is a spherical human-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is red on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a mushy texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 518:



DAY 519:
Found a tan and white metal to add to the samples.


DAY 520:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a pink crystal that appears purple if you hold it to the light just right. Looks like a mostly transparent monoclinic crystalline structure. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 521:
I was exploring a cave today and disturbed one of the local animals. It seems to have given me a sprained tibia and a cut femur. I'm not going back there. Not worth it. Not on a solo mission. The creature was behemoth. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 160000 kg.


DAY 522:
Taking the day to rest, read over the specimen logs, and drink another glass of the whiskey I brought along. It hasn't been as bad as it could be, but my body is feeling pretty beat up so hiding in the bubble for awhile seems like the best option. Just 2518 days left before I fly the fuck outta here. Hopefully these specimens I've captured will be worth enough to float me for awhile.


DAY 523:
Something on this planet just gave me a slight cough. Lucky it wasn't something worse.


DAY 524:
Taking the day to rest, read over the specimen logs, and drink another glass of the whiskey I brought along. It hasn't been as bad as it could be, but my body is feeling pretty beat up so hiding in the bubble for awhile seems like the best option. Just 2516 days left before I fly the fuck outta here. Hopefully these specimens I've captured will be worth enough to float me for awhile.


DAY 525:
Took samples from a tall grass. It has a fuzzy texture.


DAY 526:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark has a subtle tan color and is bumpy. The leaves are bath mat-sized, long needle, and teal. The fruit is a prism-like cluster berry with a spiny husk that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a mushy texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 527:
I was attacked today while crossing a forest. I'm going to leave this area for a different expedition. Whatever it was that attacked me it was behemoth. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the forest as it came towards me was frightening.


DAY 528:
Found a cactus for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The cactus has a white clustered flower that smells rotten.


DAY 529:
It's a big one today -- a 152 meter tall tree. The bark is smooth and pink. The leaves are tiny, rectangular, and ochre. The fruit is a oblong small berry with a smooth shell that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's ochre and has a crisp texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 530:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a brown metal that appears white if you hold it to the light just right. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 531:
Another one for the record books: 92 meters tall and 11.0 meters across. It's got black bark that's bumpy to touch. The leaves are plate-sized, short needle, and ochre. The fruit is a toroid cluster berry with a fuzzy husk that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's red and has a crisp texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 532:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with orange and blue.


DAY 533:



DAY 534:



DAY 535:



DAY 536:



DAY 537:
I found one of the trees today, a fairly small one at around 3 meters tall. Looks almost like an orchard of them. The bark is rough patterned and green. The leaves are bath mat-sized, rectangular, and ochre. The fruit is a oblong pebble-sized berry with a leathery skin that is ochre on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's iridescent and has a crisp texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 538:
Discovered a cluster grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture.


DAY 539:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark of this tree is smooth and has a web of blue veins across it. The leaves are tiny, pronged, and blue. The fruit is a toroid cluster berry with a spiny husk that is ochre on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's pink and has a mushy texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 540:
Found an interesting filamentous virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 541:
Discovered a herb today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture. The herb has a red fluffball flower that smells hypnotic.


DAY 542:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a yellow rock that appears blue if you hold it to the light just right. Material doesn't appear to have any energy potential or interesting properties.


DAY 543:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 544:
Another tree discovered. It's 48 meters tall and 0.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark of this tree is smooth and has a web of white veins across it. The leaves are hand-sized, long needle, and maroon. The fruit is a oblong cluster berry with a smooth shell that is red on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's teal and has a crisp texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 545:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 546:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 547:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while exploring a fissure today. Didn't appear to notice me. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have furry skin that was opalescent, ochre and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 10 focusing lens eyes. It moved by walking through the fissure. A marvelously one of a kind creature.


DAY 548:
Found an interesting filamentous virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 549:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with opalescent and teal. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 550:
I was boating on a lake today and disturbed one of the local animals. Not sure if it was defensive or hungry but I'm lucky to have gotten away. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 5 focusing lens eyes and teal and black armor scaled skin. And it was behemoth. Easily 10000 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 551:
I set out to exploring a pit early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 2 compound eyes and maroon and ochre ridged chitin. And it was large. Easily 100 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 552:
Took samples from a herb. It has a prickly texture. The herb has a prismatic sun burst flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 553:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 554:
Came across a uncomfortable looking animal while crossing some woodland today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have prickly skin that was tan, black and striped. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking proboscis and 10 light receptors. It moved by slithering through the woodland. A marvelously uncomfortable occurrence.


DAY 555:
Found a herb for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The herb has a tan clustered flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 556:
Came across a interesting looking animal while exploring some woodland today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was brown, ochre and splotchy. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 7 light receptors. It moved by crawling through the woodland. A truly bizarre thing.


DAY 557:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with white and tan. It's a transparent hexagonal crystal.


DAY 558:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while hiking a forest today. Didn't appear to notice me. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was purple, blue and striped. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 7 light receptors. It moved by crawling through the forest. A very interesting sight.


DAY 559:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a maroon metal that appears ochre if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 560:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 6 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.5 meters. The bark has a subtle pink color and is spined. The leaves are tiny, toroid, and orange. The fruit is a spherical cluster berry with a soft skin that is orange on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a fibrous texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 561:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 562:
Found an interesting worm-like bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 563:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a pink rock that appears white if you hold it to the light just right. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 564:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with red and maroon. It's a mostly transparent orthorhombic crystal. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 565:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 566:



DAY 567:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 3 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.5 meters. It's got teal bark that's bumpy to touch. The leaves are bath mat-sized, ovoid, and pink. The fruit is a ridged cluster berry with a soft skin that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's iridescent and has a mealy texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 568:



DAY 569:
I was attacked today while exploring some woodland. Not sure if it was defensive or hungry but I'm lucky to have gotten away. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 2 focusing lens eyes and red and white spiny chitin. And it was huge. Easily 250 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 570:



DAY 571:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a purple rock that appears pink if you hold it to the light just right. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 572:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a orange rock that appears black if you hold it to the light just right. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 573:
Another tree discovered. It's 12 meters tall and 0.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark of this tree is smooth and has a web of blue veins across it. The leaves are hand-sized, ovoid, and black. The fruit is a prism-like palm-sized fruit with a spiny husk that is ochre on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a fleshy texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 574:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 575:



DAY 576:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 577:
I was attacked today while crossing some woodland. I saw it coming from a ways away, thank god, and was able to retreat to a safe place. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 9 focusing lens eyes and purple and red ridged chitin. And it was behemoth. Easily 10000 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 578:
Found a tall grass for the archives today. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 579:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark has a subtle brown color and is spined. The leaves are small, short needle, and black. The fruit is a toroid small berry with a smooth shell that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's blue and has a hard texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 580:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with orange and white. Looks like a mostly transparent monoclinic crystalline structure. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 581:



DAY 582:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark is rough and deep-ridged and maroon. The leaves are small, short needle, and tan. The fruit is a oblong cluster berry with a leathery skin that is opalescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's teal and has a crisp texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 583:



DAY 584:
Discovered a cluster grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 585:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a purple rock that appears teal if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 586:
Found an interesting worm-like bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 587:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a opalescent metal that appears brown if you hold it to the light just right. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 588:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while walking a forest today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have soft skin that was teal, pink and mottled. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking fangs and 5 compound eyes. It moved by brachiating through the forest. A marvelously fucked up sight.


DAY 589:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 590:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark is rough patterned and white. The leaves are human-sized, rectangular, and blue. The fruit is a ridged small berry with a textured shell that is white on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's orange and has a firm texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 591:
It's a big one today -- a 152 meter tall tree. The bark of this tree is rough and deep-ridged and has a web of red veins across it. The leaves are human-sized, toroid, and green. The fruit is a ridged pebble-sized berry with a smooth shell that is purple on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a firm texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 592:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 593:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 594:
Another tree discovered. It's 12 meters tall and 0.125 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. It's got pink bark that's rough patterned to touch. The leaves are plate-sized, toroid, and white. The fruit is a toroid pebble-sized berry with a textured shell that is ochre on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's purple and has a mealy texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 595:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a blue crystal that appears iridescent if you hold it to the light just right. Looks like a opaque trigonal crystalline structure. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 596:
Discovered one of the trees of interest today and holy shit it's impressive. The report makes note of the size but a 120 meter tree isn't really experienced until your standing in front of it and hurting your neck trying (and failing) to see the top. The bark has a subtle iridescent color and is bumpy. The leaves are plate-sized, saw-toothed, and tan. The fruit is a prism-like palm-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is iridescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's pink and has a fibrous texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 597:
Accidentally angered an animal today while hiking in some tundra. Not sure if it was defensive or hungry but I'm lucky to have gotten away. Whatever it was that attacked me it was gigantic. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the tundra as it came towards me was tremendous.


DAY 598:
I was boating on an inland sea today and disturbed one of the local animals. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 9 compound eyes and iridescent and orange flabby skin. And it was behemoth. Easily 10000 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 599:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 600:
Discovered a tall grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture.


DAY 601:
Found a herb for the archives today. It has a prickly texture. The herb has a maroon crystalline flower that smells fruity.


DAY 602:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with orange and red. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 603:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a red metal that appears ochre if you hold it to the light just right. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 604:
Took samples from a cactus. It has a prickly texture. The cactus has a pink lipped flower that smells spiced.


DAY 605:



DAY 606:
I was attacked today while delving a cave. I'm going to leave this area for a different expedition. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 4 compound eyes and opalescent and teal prickly skin. And it was gigantic. Easily 1250 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 607:
Came across a interesting looking animal while hiking a forest today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have leathery skin that was ochre, blue and mottled. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 9 focusing lens eyes. It moved by slithering through the forest. A very new occurrence.


DAY 608:
Discovered a cactus today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture. The cactus has a iridescent lipped flower that smells fruity.


DAY 609:
I was delving a cave today and disturbed one of the local animals. I'm going to leave this area for a different expedition. Whatever it was that attacked me it was huge. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the cave as it came towards me was tremendous.


DAY 610:



DAY 611:



DAY 612:
Found a lichen for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The lichen has a opalescent pronged flower that smells scentless.


DAY 613:
Another tree discovered. It's 188 meters tall and 11.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark has a subtle tan color and is spined. The leaves are plate-sized, rectangular, and brown. The fruit is a oblong human-sized fruit with a soft skin that is purple on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's iridescent and has a fibrous texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 614:
Found a iridescent and prismatic rock to add to the samples. Material doesn't appear to have any energy potential or interesting properties.


DAY 615:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 20 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.25 meters. The bark is smooth and tan. The leaves are plate-sized, short needle, and maroon. The fruit is a toroid head-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's orange and has a fibrous texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 616:



DAY 617:



DAY 618:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 619:
Came across a interesting looking animal while exploring a highland desert today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have smooth chitin that was red, black and mottled. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 7 focusing lens eyes. It moved by flying through the highland desert. A truly new sight.


DAY 620:



DAY 621:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 622:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark is rough and deep-ridged and yellow. The leaves are plate-sized, pronged, and maroon. The fruit is a sickle-shaped pebble-sized berry with a spiny husk that is green on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's orange and has a firm texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 623:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 624:



DAY 625:
Another tree discovered. It's 48 meters tall and 0.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark of this tree is smooth and has a web of opalescent veins across it. The leaves are human-sized, saw-toothed, and ochre. The fruit is a prism-like human-sized fruit with a textured shell that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's yellow and has a fibrous texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 626:
Found a tall grass for the archives today. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 627:



DAY 628:
Took samples from a succulent. It has a leathery texture. The succulent has a teal lipped flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 629:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with iridescent and ochre.


DAY 630:
Found a purple and pink metal to add to the samples. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 631:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with blue and iridescent. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 632:
I was attacked today while crossing some tundra. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. The creature was gigantic. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 10000 kg.


DAY 633:
Took samples from a herb. It has a leathery texture. The herb has a maroon lipped flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 634:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while crossing a forest today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have armor scaled skin that was black, iridescent and crystalline-patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 5 light receptors. It moved by propulsing through the forest. A marvelously bizarre creature.


DAY 635:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark of this tree is rough patterned and has a web of red veins across it. The leaves are human-sized, pronged, and purple. The fruit is a prism-like human-sized fruit with a leathery skin that is purple on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's blue and has a crisp texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 636:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 637:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a white crystal that appears tan if you hold it to the light just right. It's a transparent hexagonal crystal.


DAY 638:
I was crossing some tundra today and disturbed one of the local animals. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. Whatever it was that attacked me it was huge. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the tundra as it came towards me was frightening.


DAY 639:
Came across a impressive looking animal while exploring a desert today. Didn't appear to notice me. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have prickly skin that was yellow, prismatic and spotted. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 3 light receptors. It moved by walking through the desert. A very fucked up animal.


DAY 640:
Found an interesting worm-like bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 641:
Found a moss for the archives today. It has a leathery texture. The moss has a purple sun burst flower that smells fruity.


DAY 642:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 48 meters tall and with a diameter of around 3.5 meters. The bark of this tree is rough and deep-ridged and has a web of yellow veins across it. The leaves are human-sized, short needle, and tan. The fruit is a oblong palm-sized fruit with a leathery skin that is ochre on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's red and has a fleshy texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 643:
Came across a impressive looking animal while walking a forest today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have prickly skin that was iridescent, yellow and mottled. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a long beak and 3 light receptors. It moved by crawling through the forest. A very new creature.


DAY 644:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 68 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.5 meters. The bark has a subtle green color and is smooth. The leaves are hand-sized, ovoid, and teal. The fruit is a toroid cluster berry with a soft skin that is opalescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's teal and has a mushy texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 645:
Came across a bizarre looking animal while boating on a channel today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was white, brown and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a scissor and enzyme mouth and 8 compound eyes. It moved by crawling through the channel. A marvelously fucked up sight.


DAY 646:



DAY 647:
Found a moss for the archives today. It has a leathery texture. The moss has a pink lipped flower that smells spiced.


DAY 648:



DAY 649:



DAY 650:
Found a herb for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The herb has a blue crystalline flower that smells spiced.


DAY 651:



DAY 652:



DAY 653:
I was attacked today while crossing a forest. I'm skipping this area this time around. Not worth it. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 6 compound eyes and iridescent and ochre armor scaled skin. And it was gigantic. Easily 1250 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 654:
Another one for the record books: 152 meters tall and 0.5 meters across. The bark of this tree is bumpy and has a web of purple veins across it. The leaves are tiny, ovoid, and purple. The fruit is a ridged cluster berry with a spiny husk that is black on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's brown and has a firm texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 655:
Found a lichen for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The lichen has a purple sun burst flower that smells hypnotic.


DAY 656:



DAY 657:
Came across a unique looking animal while crossing an inland sea today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was purple, tan and spotted. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 10 light receptors. It moved by swimming through the inland sea. A truly uncomfortable sight.


DAY 658:
I was walking a forest today and disturbed one of the local animals. Not sure if it was defensive or hungry but I'm lucky to have gotten away. The creature was huge. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 1250 kg.


DAY 659:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with green and black. Looks like a opaque orthorhombic crystalline structure.


DAY 660:
Came across a bizarre looking animal while walking an alluvial valley today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have prickly skin that was purple, tan and mottled. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 7 focusing lens eyes. It moved by drifting through the alluvial valley. A marvelously interesting creature.


DAY 661:
It's a big one today -- a 120 meter tall tree. It's got red bark that's spined to touch. The leaves are small, saw-toothed, and yellow. The fruit is a spherical palm-sized fruit with a textured shell that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's teal and has a crisp texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 662:
I was exploring a forest today and disturbed one of the local animals. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. Whatever it was that attacked me it was behemoth. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the forest as it came towards me was frightening.


DAY 663:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 664:
Came across a bizarre looking animal while hiking some woodland today. Didn't appear to notice me. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was green, maroon and striped. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 9 light receptors. It moved by brachiating through the woodland. A truly impressive occurrence.


DAY 665:
I was crossing a forest today and disturbed one of the local animals. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 10 light receptors and purple and opalescent smooth chitin. And it was behemoth. Easily 10000 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 666:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 667:
A little guy today, a tree just 3 meters tall and 0.5 across. The bark has a subtle white color and is rough patterned. The leaves are tiny, saw-toothed, and opalescent. The fruit is a prism-like pebble-sized berry with a soft skin that is prismatic on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a mealy texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 668:



DAY 669:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with red and teal.


DAY 670:
Took samples from a short grass. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 671:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with purple and red.


DAY 672:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 673:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 674:



DAY 675:



DAY 676:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 677:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 2363 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 678:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with black and iridescent. Material doesn't appear to have any energy potential or interesting properties.


DAY 679:
Found a tree today must've been about 120 meters tall. Truly a monster. The bark is rough patterned and prismatic. The leaves are bath mat-sized, rectangular, and orange. The fruit is a spiky cluster berry with a fuzzy husk that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's white and has a mushy texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 680:
Discovered a short grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 681:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 682:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 20 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.25 meters. It's got pink bark that's rough and deep-ridged to touch. The leaves are human-sized, pronged, and maroon. The fruit is a oblong small berry with a textured shell that is black on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's yellow and has a fibrous texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 683:
Came across a new looking animal while boating on a channel today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have leathery skin that was ochre, brown and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 6 light receptors. It moved by propulsing through the channel. A marvelously impressive occurrence.


DAY 684:



DAY 685:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark is rough patterned and red. The leaves are tiny, short needle, and ochre. The fruit is a sickle-shaped pebble-sized berry with a fuzzy husk that is red on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's yellow and has a firm texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 686:
Discovered a tall grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 687:
Came across a uncomfortable looking animal while exploring some woodland today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have armor scaled skin that was green, prismatic and splotchy. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a baleen mouth and 7 compound eyes. It moved by drifting through the woodland. A truly new creature.


DAY 688:
Came across a new looking animal while crossing a lake today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have prickly skin that was ochre, orange and tessellated. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a baleen mouth and 4 focusing lens eyes. It moved by propulsing through the lake. A troublingly uncomfortable sight.


DAY 689:



DAY 690:
Came across a impressive looking animal while crossing a channel today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was red, pink and spotted. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking fangs and 7 light receptors. It moved by propulsing through the channel. A truly bizarre occurrence.


DAY 691:
Discovered a tall grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 692:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 693:
Came across a unique looking animal while crossing a forest today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have armor scaled skin that was prismatic, black and tessellated. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a baleen mouth and 5 light receptors. It moved by slithering through the forest. A marvelously fucked up event.


DAY 694:



DAY 695:
Discovered a short grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture.


DAY 696:



DAY 697:
Found a cactus for the archives today. It has a prickly texture. The cactus has a maroon lipped flower that smells rotten.


DAY 698:
Found a cactus for the archives today. It has a leathery texture. The cactus has a tan pronged flower that smells slightly sweet.


DAY 699:
Something on this planet just gave me a slight cough. Lucky it wasn't something worse.


DAY 700:
Taking the day to rest, read over the specimen logs, and drink another glass of the whiskey I brought along. It hasn't been as bad as it could be, but my body is feeling pretty beat up so hiding in the bubble for awhile seems like the best option. Just 2340 days left before I fly the fuck outta here. Hopefully these specimens I've captured will be worth enough to float me for awhile.


DAY 701:
Accidentally angered an animal today while hiking in some tundra. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. The creature was large. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 250 kg.


DAY 702:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a red metal that appears opalescent if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 703:
Came across a new looking animal while crossing an alluvial valley today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have smooth chitin that was purple, iridescent and splotchy. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a long beak and 3 light receptors. It moved by crawling through the alluvial valley. A very uncomfortable animal.


DAY 704:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with yellow and iridescent. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 705:



DAY 706:
Came across a new looking animal while exploring some woodland today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have armor scaled skin that was yellow, pink and tessellated. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a baleen mouth and 2 focusing lens eyes. It moved by crawling through the woodland. A truly new animal.


DAY 707:
Started feeling strange during my expedition today. Getting treated at base right now and it looks like it was a virus that I ran into that was attacking my brain.


DAY 708:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 2332 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 709:
Found a tall grass for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture.


DAY 710:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a yellow rock that appears iridescent if you hold it to the light just right. Other than it's looks the sample seems like a dud.


DAY 711:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 48 meters tall and with a diameter of around 2.0 meters. The bark of this tree is smooth and has a web of pink veins across it. The leaves are hand-sized, rectangular, and red. The fruit is a spherical pebble-sized berry with a soft skin that is maroon on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's ochre and has a hard texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 712:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 713:
Came across a bizarre looking animal while boating on an inland sea today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have prickly skin that was purple, blue and splotchy. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 9 compound eyes. It moved by propulsing through the inland sea. A marvelously impressive thing.


DAY 714:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 715:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 2325 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 716:
Came across a unique looking animal while hiking in an alluvial valley today. Didn't appear to notice me. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have ridged chitin that was pink, red and spotted. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a long beak and 8 focusing lens eyes. It moved by walking through the alluvial valley. A troublingly impressive event.


DAY 717:
Took samples from a cactus. It has a fuzzy texture. The cactus has a opalescent fluffball flower that smells rotten.


DAY 718:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 719:
Found a green and black metal to add to the samples. Material doesn't appear to have any energy potential or interesting properties.


DAY 720:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a black metal that appears opalescent if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 721:
Came across a interesting looking animal while swimming in a sea today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have prickly skin that was red, opalescent and mottled. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 5 light receptors. It moved by propulsing through the sea. A truly one of a kind event.


DAY 722:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark has a subtle iridescent color and is spined. The leaves are hand-sized, long needle, and yellow. The fruit is a spherical palm-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is iridescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's pink and has a crisp texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 723:



DAY 724:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 725:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a teal crystal that appears purple if you hold it to the light just right. Looks like a mostly opaque tetragonal crystalline structure. Other than it's looks the sample seems like a dud.


DAY 726:
I was hiking in a highland desert today and disturbed one of the local animals. I saw it coming from a ways away, thank god, and was able to retreat to a safe place. The creature was large. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 250 kg.


DAY 727:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 728:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 20 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.125 meters. It's got yellow bark that's rough and deep-ridged to touch. The leaves are human-sized, rectangular, and maroon. The fruit is a oblong head-sized fruit with a leathery skin that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's brown and has a firm texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 729:
Another tree discovered. It's 12 meters tall and 1.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. It's got green bark that's rough and deep-ridged to touch. The leaves are bath mat-sized, saw-toothed, and ochre. The fruit is a toroid palm-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is ochre on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a fleshy texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 730:
I was swimming in a glacial lake today and disturbed one of the local animals. Not sure if it was defensive or hungry but I'm lucky to have gotten away. Whatever it was that attacked me it was huge. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the lake as it came towards me was frightening.


DAY 731:
Found a red and teal metal to add to the samples. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 732:



DAY 733:
A little guy today, a tree just 3 meters tall and 0.25 across. The bark is spined and ochre. The leaves are hand-sized, short needle, and green. The fruit is a spiky head-sized fruit with a soft skin that is purple on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's brown and has a hard texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 734:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. It's got maroon bark that's smooth to touch. The leaves are human-sized, rectangular, and ochre. The fruit is a ridged cluster berry with a textured shell that is opalescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a mushy texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 735:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark is spined and black. The leaves are tiny, rectangular, and yellow. The fruit is a sickle-shaped pebble-sized berry with a soft skin that is orange on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a hard texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 736:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark is rough and deep-ridged and opalescent. The leaves are human-sized, short needle, and red. The fruit is a ridged cluster berry with a smooth shell that is prismatic on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's red and has a fleshy texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 737:
Found a herb for the archives today. It has a leathery texture. The herb has a tan fluffball flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 738:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with prismatic and opalescent. Looks like a transparent trigonal crystalline structure. Other than it's looks the sample seems like a dud.


DAY 739:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark has a subtle maroon color and is spined. The leaves are bath mat-sized, rectangular, and black. The fruit is a toroid small berry with a soft skin that is purple on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's iridescent and has a fibrous texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 740:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 741:
I was swimming in a lake today and disturbed one of the local animals. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. The creature was behemoth. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 160000 kg.


DAY 742:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with orange and iridescent.


DAY 743:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 744:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 2296 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 745:
I found one of the trees today, a fairly small one at around 3 meters tall. Looks almost like an orchard of them. The bark of this tree is smooth and has a web of maroon veins across it. The leaves are small, rectangular, and ochre. The fruit is a ridged pebble-sized berry with a soft skin that is maroon on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's orange and has a hard texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 746:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a brown crystal that appears prismatic if you hold it to the light just right. It's a mostly transparent trigonal crystal.


DAY 747:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with brown and black. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 748:
Found an interesting worm-like bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 749:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 750:
Another one for the record books: 92 meters tall and 14.5 meters across. The bark has a subtle tan color and is bumpy. The leaves are tiny, toroid, and red. The fruit is a ridged human-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is ochre on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's brown and has a fleshy texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 751:
I found one of the trees today, a fairly small one at around 6 meters tall. Looks almost like an orchard of them. The bark of this tree is bumpy and has a web of orange veins across it. The leaves are hand-sized, pronged, and pink. The fruit is a toroid cluster berry with a spiny husk that is teal on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a crisp texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 752:



DAY 753:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark of this tree is spined and has a web of green veins across it. The leaves are tiny, toroid, and red. The fruit is a ridged human-sized fruit with a soft skin that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a hard texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 754:
Found an interesting worm-like bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 755:
Found a prismatic and pink metal to add to the samples.


DAY 756:
Came across a interesting looking animal while walking a forest today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was white, brown and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 10 focusing lens eyes. It moved by crawling through the forest. A troublingly new thing.


DAY 757:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 758:
Found a short grass for the archives today. It has a prickly texture.


DAY 759:
Another one for the record books: 120 meters tall and 11.0 meters across. The bark is rough patterned and tan. The leaves are bath mat-sized, short needle, and blue. The fruit is a oblong head-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is teal on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a hard texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 760:
Discovered one of the trees of interest today and holy shit it's impressive. The report makes note of the size but a 188 meter tree isn't really experienced until your standing in front of it and hurting your neck trying (and failing) to see the top. The bark has a subtle teal color and is smooth. The leaves are tiny, rectangular, and purple. The fruit is a spiky cluster berry with a smooth shell that is maroon on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's ochre and has a fibrous texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 761:
Found a yellow and tan metal to add to the samples.


DAY 762:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 763:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 68 meters tall and with a diameter of around 3.5 meters. The bark has a subtle purple color and is bumpy. The leaves are bath mat-sized, short needle, and iridescent. The fruit is a spiky head-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's purple and has a mealy texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 764:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a red rock that appears yellow if you hold it to the light just right. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 765:



DAY 766:
Discovered a herb today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture. The herb has a prismatic fluffball flower that smells rotten.


DAY 767:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark has a subtle opalescent color and is spined. The leaves are tiny, rectangular, and ochre. The fruit is a spiky palm-sized fruit with a spiny husk that is maroon on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's teal and has a hard texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 768:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while crossing a glacial lake today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have leathery skin that was brown, ochre and striped. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 9 compound eyes. It moved by propulsing through the glacial lake. A troublingly fucked up creature.


DAY 769:
Came across a fucked up looking animal while exploring a forest today. Didn't appear to notice me. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was brown, tan and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 5 compound eyes. It moved by undulating through the forest. A very interesting thing.


DAY 770:
Found an interesting filamentous virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 771:



DAY 772:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with red and teal. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 773:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 6 meters tall and with a diameter of around 1.0 meters. The bark of this tree is smooth and has a web of green veins across it. The leaves are tiny, short needle, and tan. The fruit is a spherical small berry with a soft skin that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a mealy texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 774:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with opalescent and black.


DAY 775:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 776:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. It's got white bark that's bumpy to touch. The leaves are bath mat-sized, short needle, and red. The fruit is a prism-like small berry with a textured shell that is white on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's iridescent and has a fleshy texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 777:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. It's got white bark that's rough and deep-ridged to touch. The leaves are bath mat-sized, toroid, and prismatic. The fruit is a toroid human-sized fruit with a spiny husk that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's orange and has a fibrous texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 778:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 779:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a blue crystal that appears maroon if you hold it to the light just right. It's a opaque orthorhombic crystal. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 780:



DAY 781:
Came across a impressive looking animal while hiking a desert today. Didn't appear to notice me. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have leathery skin that was ochre, blue and spotted. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a long beak and 2 focusing lens eyes. It moved by drifting through the desert. A truly fucked up event.


DAY 782:
Took samples from a lichen. It has a leathery texture. The lichen has a green prismatic flower that smells slightly sweet.


DAY 783:



DAY 784:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 785:



DAY 786:
Found an interesting helical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 787:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a opalescent metal that appears blue if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 788:
Started feeling strange during my expedition today. Getting treated at base right now and it looks like it was a bacterium that I ran into that was attacking my lungs.


DAY 789:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 2251 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 790:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 188 meters tall and with a diameter of around 14.5 meters. The bark has a subtle black color and is rough and deep-ridged. The leaves are bath mat-sized, short needle, and yellow. The fruit is a ridged cluster berry with a smooth shell that is red on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a firm texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 791:



DAY 792:



DAY 793:
Found an interesting helical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 794:
I set out to walking some woodland early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. I saw it coming from a ways away, thank god, and was able to retreat to a safe place. The creature was behemoth. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 160000 kg.


DAY 795:



DAY 796:



DAY 797:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 6 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.5 meters. It's got teal bark that's rough patterned to touch. The leaves are bath mat-sized, toroid, and yellow. The fruit is a spiky cluster berry with a smooth shell that is ochre on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a mushy texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 798:
Came across a uncomfortable looking animal while walking through an alluvial valley today. Didn't appear to notice me. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was maroon, black and spotted. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking fangs and 9 light receptors. It moved by walking through the alluvial valley. A very impressive sight.


DAY 799:
Found a short grass for the archives today. It has a prickly texture.


DAY 800:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 801:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark has a subtle white color and is bumpy. The leaves are tiny, long needle, and maroon. The fruit is a spiky head-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a crisp texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 802:



DAY 803:



DAY 804:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark is bumpy and iridescent. The leaves are hand-sized, rectangular, and yellow. The fruit is a oblong head-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is red on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's blue and has a firm texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 805:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a maroon crystal that appears red if you hold it to the light just right. It's a translucent hexagonal crystal.


DAY 806:
Came across a bizarre looking animal while swimming in a glacial lake today. Didn't appear to notice me. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have prickly skin that was prismatic, pink and mottled. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking proboscis and 7 focusing lens eyes. It moved by slithering through the glacial lake. A marvelously one of a kind creature.


DAY 807:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 808:
Came across a new looking animal while hiking a forest today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have smooth chitin that was teal, prismatic and striped. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 2 compound eyes. It moved by slithering through the forest. A marvelously new animal.


DAY 809:
Found a moss for the archives today. It has a prickly texture. The moss has a pink crystalline flower that smells slightly sweet.


DAY 810:



DAY 811:



DAY 812:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with white and maroon. It's a mostly opaque monoclinic crystal.


DAY 813:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark of this tree is rough patterned and has a web of ochre veins across it. The leaves are bath mat-sized, rectangular, and purple. The fruit is a sickle-shaped small berry with a leathery skin that is teal on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a fleshy texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 814:



DAY 815:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 816:



DAY 817:
Found an interesting spherical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 818:
Accidentally angered an animal today while delving a pit. I think I have a shattered humurus and a bruised liver, I'll have to wait for the autodoc to finish it's analysis though. I'm not going back there. Not worth it. Not on a solo mission. The creature was behemoth. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 160000 kg.


DAY 819:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 2221 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 820:
Something on this planet just gave me a mild fever. Lucky it wasn't something worse.


DAY 821:
I was attacked today while hiking a forest. I think I have a bruised gut and a cut humurus, I'll have to wait for the autodoc to finish it's analysis though. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. Whatever it was that attacked me it was huge. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the forest as it came towards me was telling.


DAY 822:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 2218 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 823:
Came across a interesting looking animal while hiking a desert today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have ridged chitin that was teal, red and splotchy. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 10 compound eyes. It moved by propulsing through the desert. A troublingly one of a kind occurrence.


DAY 824:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while exploring a fissure today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have soft skin that was white, black and tessellated. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a bill and 7 light receptors. It moved by walking through the fissure. A very interesting thing.


DAY 825:
Found a yellow and white crystal to add to the samples. Looks like a transparent tetragonal crystalline structure.


DAY 826:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 827:
Found a iridescent and orange crystal to add to the samples. It's a translucent hexagonal crystal.


DAY 828:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with purple and blue.


DAY 829:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with blue and ochre. Looks like a mostly opaque cubic crystalline structure.


DAY 830:
Came across a impressive looking animal while hiking a forest today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have leathery skin that was maroon, opalescent and splotchy. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 6 light receptors. It moved by drifting through the forest. A truly bizarre thing.


DAY 831:
Came across a new looking animal while exploring a pit today. Didn't appear to notice me. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have armor scaled skin that was ochre, white and spotted. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth and 7 light receptors. It moved by crawling through the pit. A very interesting thing.


DAY 832:



DAY 833:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark has a subtle pink color and is smooth. The leaves are small, pronged, and pink. The fruit is a oblong human-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a fleshy texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 834:
Found a moss for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The moss has a red fluffball flower that smells spiced.


DAY 835:



DAY 836:
Another tree discovered. It's 120 meters tall and 1.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. It's got prismatic bark that's rough patterned to touch. The leaves are human-sized, saw-toothed, and pink. The fruit is a sickle-shaped human-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is white on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a mealy texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 837:
Another one for the record books: 92 meters tall and 5.5 meters across. The bark of this tree is bumpy and has a web of brown veins across it. The leaves are human-sized, toroid, and blue. The fruit is a toroid palm-sized fruit with a textured shell that is green on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a hard texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 838:



DAY 839:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 840:
Found a red and blue crystal to add to the samples. Looks like a opaque trigonal crystalline structure.


DAY 841:
Found an interesting enveloped virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 842:



DAY 843:
Found an interesting spherical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 844:



DAY 845:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 846:



DAY 847:



DAY 848:
I was attacked today while exploring some woodland. I'm going to leave this area for a different expedition. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 6 compound eyes and teal and opalescent furry skin. And it was behemoth. Easily 10000 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 849:
Discovered a cactus today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture. The cactus has a blue clustered flower that smells rotten.


DAY 850:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 851:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with green and purple. Looks like a opaque trigonal crystalline structure.


DAY 852:
Took samples from a lichen. It has a smooth texture. The lichen has a maroon clustered flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 853:
Came across a unique looking animal while crossing some woodland today. Didn't appear to notice me. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was purple, blue and striped. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 7 light receptors. It moved by crawling through the woodland. A marvelously fucked up thing.


DAY 854:
Found a black and blue metal to add to the samples. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 855:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 856:



DAY 857:
Accidentally angered an animal today while crossing a river. Feels like I have a broken humurus and a fractured humurus. I'm leaving this area. Going back to the last known safe place to rest in the pod. Whatever it was that attacked me it was huge. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the river as it came towards me was terrifying.


DAY 858:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 2182 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 859:
I set out to delving a pit early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. The creature was gigantic. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 10000 kg.


DAY 860:
Came across a bizarre looking animal while delving a pit today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was ochre, teal and striped. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a long beak and 5 focusing lens eyes. It moved by crawling through the pit. A truly interesting sight.


DAY 861:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a brown rock that appears yellow if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 862:



DAY 863:
Another tree discovered. It's 152 meters tall and 14.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark has a subtle red color and is rough and deep-ridged. The leaves are tiny, saw-toothed, and red. The fruit is a spherical pebble-sized berry with a smooth shell that is prismatic on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's white and has a fibrous texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 864:
Discovered a lichen today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture. The lichen has a opalescent fluffball flower that smells rotten.


DAY 865:
Found a ochre and green metal to add to the samples. Other than it's looks the sample seems like a dud.


DAY 866:



DAY 867:
Discovered a cluster grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 868:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while exploring a cave today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was blue, black and spotted. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a scissor and enzyme mouth and 6 compound eyes. It moved by walking through the cave. A truly interesting animal.


DAY 869:
Found a pink and opalescent metal to add to the samples.


DAY 870:



DAY 871:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with blue and purple. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 872:



DAY 873:



DAY 874:



DAY 875:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with orange and white.


DAY 876:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 877:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a ochre metal that appears yellow if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 878:



DAY 879:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark has a subtle black color and is bumpy. The leaves are bath mat-sized, toroid, and teal. The fruit is a prism-like head-sized fruit with a spiny husk that is pink on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's iridescent and has a fleshy texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 880:
Found a purple and black metal to add to the samples.


DAY 881:
Found a white and orange metal to add to the samples.


DAY 882:
Started feeling strange during my expedition today. Getting treated at base right now and it looks like it was a virus that I ran into that was attacking my brain.


DAY 883:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 2157 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 884:
Another tree discovered. It's 1 meters tall and 0.125 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark has a subtle red color and is rough patterned. The leaves are hand-sized, long needle, and maroon. The fruit is a toroid palm-sized fruit with a soft skin that is tan on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a mushy texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 885:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. It's got orange bark that's rough patterned to touch. The leaves are hand-sized, pronged, and black. The fruit is a ridged head-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is black on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's red and has a firm texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 886:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a tan crystal that appears prismatic if you hold it to the light just right. It's a mostly transparent hexagonal crystal.


DAY 887:
Found an interesting filamentous virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 888:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark has a subtle brown color and is spined. The leaves are bath mat-sized, ovoid, and pink. The fruit is a prism-like small berry with a textured shell that is teal on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's blue and has a firm texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 889:
Came across a new looking animal while walking a forest today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have leathery skin that was maroon, green and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 4 light receptors. It moved by crawling through the forest. A troublingly interesting thing.


DAY 890:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with tan and blue.


DAY 891:
Discovered a succulent today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture. The succulent has a teal sun burst flower that smells hypnotic.


DAY 892:
Discovered a moss today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture. The moss has a ochre pronged flower that smells cinnamon-like.


DAY 893:
Got a mild fever from coming into contact with an alien bacterium today.


DAY 894:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 2146 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 895:
Discovered a cactus today from the list of promising specimens. It has a leathery texture. The cactus has a brown clustered flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 896:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with iridescent and purple. Looks like a mostly opaque cubic crystalline structure.


DAY 897:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 898:
I found one of the trees today, a fairly small one at around 1 meters tall. Looks almost like an orchard of them. The bark has a subtle red color and is smooth. The leaves are tiny, ovoid, and maroon. The fruit is a toroid palm-sized fruit with a fuzzy husk that is opalescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's ochre and has a crisp texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 899:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with orange and iridescent.


DAY 900:



DAY 901:
Came across a new looking animal while exploring some woodland today. Didn't appear to notice me. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was maroon, black and spotted. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking fangs and 9 light receptors. It moved by walking through the woodland. A marvelously uncomfortable creature.


DAY 902:



DAY 903:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 6 meters tall and with a diameter of around 1.0 meters. The bark is bumpy and opalescent. The leaves are tiny, toroid, and brown. The fruit is a toroid small berry with a textured shell that is white on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's red and has a firm texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 904:
I was boating on a lake today and disturbed one of the local animals. I'm skipping this area this time around. Not worth it. The creature was gigantic. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 10000 kg.


DAY 905:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a maroon rock that appears blue if you hold it to the light just right. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 906:
I was attacked today while exploring some woodland. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. The creature was huge. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 1250 kg.


DAY 907:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 908:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 2132 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 909:
Another tree discovered. It's 68 meters tall and 1.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. It's got teal bark that's spined to touch. The leaves are small, long needle, and opalescent. The fruit is a ridged small berry with a spiny husk that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a mealy texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 910:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 6 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.5 meters. The bark of this tree is rough patterned and has a web of black veins across it. The leaves are bath mat-sized, pronged, and white. The fruit is a sickle-shaped pebble-sized berry with a soft skin that is pink on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a fibrous texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 911:
Another tree discovered. It's 32 meters tall and 3.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark is spined and purple. The leaves are bath mat-sized, ovoid, and brown. The fruit is a ridged human-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's pink and has a mushy texture. The smell is slightly sweet.


DAY 912:



DAY 913:
Took samples from a cactus. It has a leathery texture. The cactus has a green crystalline flower that smells hypnotic.


DAY 914:



DAY 915:
Accidentally angered an animal today while hiking a desert. Feels like I have a battered leg and a bruised liver. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. It was monstrous. Maybe 10000 kg and possibly much much more. It had teal and prismatic soft skin and a giant cusp-toothed mouth with canines. So lucky to be here still.


DAY 916:
Taking the day to rest, read over the specimen logs, and drink another glass of the whiskey I brought along. It hasn't been as bad as it could be, but my body is feeling pretty beat up so hiding in the bubble for awhile seems like the best option. Just 2124 days left before I fly the fuck outta here. Hopefully these specimens I've captured will be worth enough to float me for awhile.


DAY 917:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 918:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while hiking some woodland today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have soft skin that was teal, pink and spotted. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking fangs and 6 compound eyes. It moved by crawling through the woodland. A marvelously bizarre animal.


DAY 919:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark of this tree is rough and deep-ridged and has a web of blue veins across it. The leaves are tiny, ovoid, and brown. The fruit is a spherical cluster berry with a leathery skin that is iridescent on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a fibrous texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 920:



DAY 921:



DAY 922:
Found an interesting worm-like bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 923:



DAY 924:



DAY 925:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. It's got yellow bark that's spined to touch. The leaves are tiny, saw-toothed, and green. The fruit is a toroid pebble-sized berry with a leathery skin that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a crisp texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 926:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 927:
Found an interesting filamentous virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 928:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with prismatic and purple. Looks like a translucent trigonal crystalline structure.


DAY 929:



DAY 930:
The bacterium I came into contact today must've infected me. Running a fever and was getting delirious. In the autodoc now.


DAY 931:
Taking the day to rest, read over the specimen logs, and drink another glass of the whiskey I brought along. It hasn't been as bad as it could be, but my body is feeling pretty beat up so hiding in the bubble for awhile seems like the best option. Just 2109 days left before I fly the fuck outta here. Hopefully these specimens I've captured will be worth enough to float me for awhile.


DAY 932:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 933:
Found an interesting spherical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 934:
Found an interesting helical bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 935:
Found an interesting filamentous virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 936:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while walking through a desert today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have ridged chitin that was purple, blue and mottled. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 6 compound eyes. It moved by walking through the desert. A troublingly new occurrence.


DAY 937:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 32 meters tall and with a diameter of around 0.5 meters. The bark is rough and deep-ridged and blue. The leaves are human-sized, pronged, and brown. The fruit is a oblong small berry with a fuzzy husk that is purple on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's ochre and has a fibrous texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 938:
Found a teal and orange metal to add to the samples.


DAY 939:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 940:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 2100 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 941:
Took samples from a succulent. It has a prickly texture. The succulent has a opalescent prismatic flower that smells spiced.


DAY 942:
Found a cactus for the archives today. It has a fuzzy texture. The cactus has a tan pronged flower that smells scentless.


DAY 943:
I found one of the trees today, a fairly small one at around 3 meters tall. Looks almost like an orchard of them. It's got green bark that's bumpy to touch. The leaves are small, toroid, and white. The fruit is a spiky small berry with a textured shell that is red on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's teal and has a mealy texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 944:
Found a blue and green metal to add to the samples. Material doesn't appear to have any energy potential or interesting properties.


DAY 945:
Took samples from a lichen. It has a leathery texture. The lichen has a green clustered flower that smells spiced.


DAY 946:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a brown rock that appears pink if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 947:
Found a pink and opalescent rock to add to the samples.


DAY 948:
Discovered a herb today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture. The herb has a tan lipped flower that smells rotten.


DAY 949:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with opalescent and teal.


DAY 950:
I was attacked today while crossing some woodland. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. Whatever it was that attacked me it was behemoth. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the woodland as it came towards me was telling.


DAY 951:
Found an interesting star-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 952:
Another tree discovered. It's 68 meters tall and 3.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark of this tree is rough patterned and has a web of tan veins across it. The leaves are bath mat-sized, pronged, and iridescent. The fruit is a sickle-shaped cluster berry with a textured shell that is brown on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's green and has a fleshy texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 953:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a white rock that appears opalescent if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 954:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 955:
Came across a uncomfortable looking animal while swimming in a lake today. Looked right at me. Seemed more curious than wary. Lucky it didn't think I was a threat. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have leathery skin that was tan, blue and splotchy. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 6 focusing lens eyes. It moved by undulating through the lake. A very fucked up sight.


DAY 956:
Found an interesting icosahedral virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 957:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a teal rock that appears green if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 958:
Found a opalescent and black crystal to add to the samples. It's a translucent trigonal crystal. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 959:



DAY 960:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark has a subtle teal color and is rough and deep-ridged. The leaves are tiny, ovoid, and teal. The fruit is a oblong small berry with a soft skin that is orange on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's purple and has a mealy texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 961:
Took samples from a tall grass. It has a fuzzy texture.


DAY 962:
Came across a interesting looking animal while exploring a cave today. Didn't appear to notice me. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have flabby skin that was orange, red and striped. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 10 light receptors. It moved by walking through the cave. A very interesting animal.


DAY 963:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 964:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with yellow and teal. Looks like a translucent cubic crystalline structure. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 965:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 966:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 2074 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 967:
Found a iridescent and tan crystal to add to the samples. Looks like a transparent tetragonal crystalline structure.


DAY 968:
Got a rash from coming into contact with an alien virus today.


DAY 969:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 970:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a black metal that appears green if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 971:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 92 meters tall and with a diameter of around 11.0 meters. The bark of this tree is bumpy and has a web of blue veins across it. The leaves are plate-sized, pronged, and ochre. The fruit is a sickle-shaped small berry with a textured shell that is green on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's prismatic and has a hard texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 972:



DAY 973:



DAY 974:



DAY 975:
Discovered a short grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 976:
I was attacked today while swimming in a glacial lake. Had to retreat immediately. Don't know if I was unlucky or if this area is effectively off-limits. Leaving it be for now and moving on. The creature was gigantic. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 10000 kg.


DAY 977:
Found a teal and green crystal to add to the samples. Looks like a mostly transparent trigonal crystalline structure.


DAY 978:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a rock banded with red and purple.


DAY 979:
Found an interesting helical virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmful.


DAY 980:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be mostly harmless.


DAY 981:
Found an interesting spiral bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be extremely deadly.


DAY 982:



DAY 983:
Must've contracted something today. Not feeling well at all.


DAY 984:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 2056 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 985:
Discovered a herb today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture. The herb has a white pronged flower that smells spiced.


DAY 986:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 987:
I was delving a cave today and disturbed one of the local animals. I saw it coming from a ways away, thank god, and was able to retreat to a safe place. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 7 focusing lens eyes and teal and ochre spiny chitin. And it was gigantic. Easily 1250 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 988:



DAY 989:
Discovered a succulent today from the list of promising specimens. It has a prickly texture. The succulent has a prismatic crystalline flower that smells scentless.


DAY 990:
Took samples from a cluster grass. It has a leathery texture.


DAY 991:
Started feeling strange during my expedition today. Getting treated at base right now and it looks like it was a bacterium that I ran into that was attacking my immune system.


DAY 992:
Taking the day to rest, read over the specimen logs, and drink another glass of the whiskey I brought along. It hasn't been as bad as it could be, but my body is feeling pretty beat up so hiding in the bubble for awhile seems like the best option. Just 2048 days left before I fly the fuck outta here. Hopefully these specimens I've captured will be worth enough to float me for awhile.


DAY 993:



DAY 994:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 48 meters tall and with a diameter of around 3.5 meters. The bark is rough patterned and black. The leaves are plate-sized, ovoid, and teal. The fruit is a spherical pebble-sized berry with a leathery skin that is maroon on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's blue and has a fleshy texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 995:



DAY 996:
Discovered a cactus today from the list of promising specimens. It has a fuzzy texture. The cactus has a ochre clustered flower that smells spiced.


DAY 997:



DAY 998:
Found an interesting head-and-tail virus. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 999:
Came across a bizarre looking animal while crossing a sea today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have prickly skin that was tan, black and mottled. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a long beak and 9 compound eyes. It moved by crawling through the sea. A truly new event.


DAY 1000:
Found a black and green metal to add to the samples.


DAY 1001:
Took samples from a tall grass. It has a prickly texture.


DAY 1002:



DAY 1003:
Found an interesting worm-like bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 1004:
Discovered one of the trees of interest today and holy shit it's impressive. The report makes note of the size but a 92 meter tree isn't really experienced until your standing in front of it and hurting your neck trying (and failing) to see the top. The bark of this tree is bumpy and has a web of pink veins across it. The leaves are bath mat-sized, ovoid, and tan. The fruit is a spiky human-sized fruit with a textured shell that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a crisp texture. The smell is hypnotic.


DAY 1005:
I found one of the trees today, a fairly small one at around 1 meters tall. Looks almost like an orchard of them. The bark of this tree is smooth and has a web of ochre veins across it. The leaves are hand-sized, long needle, and opalescent. The fruit is a toroid small berry with a smooth shell that is maroon on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's iridescent and has a firm texture. The smell is fruity.


DAY 1006:
Discovered a tall grass today from the list of promising specimens. It has a smooth texture.


DAY 1007:
Came across a uncomfortable looking animal while walking some tundra today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have furry skin that was yellow, opalescent and crystalline-patterned. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a gulping mouth and 9 focusing lens eyes. It moved by flying through the tundra. A marvelously interesting occurrence.


DAY 1008:
Feeling ill. Contracted something I think.


DAY 1009:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 2031 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 1010:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a teal metal that appears pink if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 1011:
Found a herb for the archives today. It has a leathery texture. The herb has a brown pronged flower that smells acetone-like.


DAY 1012:
I was exploring some tundra today and disturbed one of the local animals. I'm skipping this area this time around. Not worth it. Whatever it was that attacked me it was gigantic. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the tundra as it came towards me was terrifying.


DAY 1013:



DAY 1014:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a yellow rock that appears prismatic if you hold it to the light just right.


DAY 1015:
Found an interesting pill-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be deadly.


DAY 1016:
Came across a impressive looking animal while hiking a forest today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was gigantic. Easily 1250 kilograms. It appeared to have ridged chitin that was opalescent, purple and mottled. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a sucking fangs and 5 focusing lens eyes. It moved by propulsing through the forest. A troublingly fucked up thing.


DAY 1017:
Came across a one of a kind looking animal while exploring a channel today. Didn't appear to notice me. No sample taken. Definitely too dangerous. Writing my observations in the log though for any future expedition. It was huge. Easily 250 kilograms. It appeared to have ridged chitin that was orange, tan and crystalline-patterned. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth and 2 focusing lens eyes. It moved by crawling through the channel. A troublingly interesting animal.


DAY 1018:
I set out to walking a forest early this morning when I was attacked by a species of the local fauna. Back at the base now but it looks like I have a bruised humurus and a bruised lung. Likely have to spend tomorrow resting as well. I'm leaving this area. Going back to the last known safe place to rest in the pod. Whatever it was that attacked me it was behemoth. I didn't ever see it but the effect it had on the forest as it came towards me was tremendous.


DAY 1019:
After that encounter I need to take a day to recuperate a bit. Seems like every planet I go to I end up chewed on or infected by some fucking thing or another but at least I'm still well enough to complain about it. By tomorrow I'll be back out there. I still have 2021 days' worth of supplies left.


DAY 1020:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be  moderately harmful.


DAY 1021:
Came across a unique looking animal while delving a pit today. Not sure if it just didn't notice me or didn't care. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have soft skin that was maroon, red and fractal patterned. The thing appeared to be omnivorous. It had a cusp-toothed mouth with canines and 2 focusing lens eyes. It moved by walking through the pit. A troublingly uncomfortable occurrence.


DAY 1022:
New samples taken today, this time from a tree. The bark has a subtle pink color and is bumpy. The leaves are tiny, long needle, and black. The fruit is a oblong pebble-sized berry with a fuzzy husk that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's black and has a firm texture. The smell is cinnamon-like.


DAY 1023:



DAY 1024:
I was attacked today while hiking in some tundra. I'm going to leave this area for a different expedition. The creature was large. I couldn't get a good look but I'd say it might've been 250 kg.


DAY 1025:
Came across a bizarre looking animal while walking some woodland today. Didn't appear to notice me. Writing my observations in lieu of a sample. Any attempt to sample from this thing is going to need a full, and very well-prepared extraction team. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was opalescent, white and striped. The thing appeared to be carnivorous. It had a carnassial-toothed mouth and 3 compound eyes. It moved by drifting through the woodland. A truly new event.


DAY 1026:
Found a blue and iridescent metal to add to the samples.


DAY 1027:
Came across a new looking animal while exploring a fissure today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was behemoth. Easily 10000 kilograms. It appeared to have spiny chitin that was maroon, purple and tessellated. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a bill and 5 focusing lens eyes. It moved by crawling through the fissure. A troublingly bizarre creature.


DAY 1028:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a crystal banded with prismatic and yellow. It's a opaque cubic crystal. Doesn't appear to have any energy potential but its material properties are worth looking into.


DAY 1029:
Found a purple and pink metal to add to the samples. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 1030:



DAY 1031:
Found a opalescent and purple rock to add to the samples.


DAY 1032:
Took samples from a cactus. It has a fuzzy texture. The cactus has a green lipped flower that smells hypnotic.


DAY 1033:



DAY 1034:



DAY 1035:
I found one of the trees today, a fairly small one at around 1 meters tall. Looks almost like an orchard of them. It's got black bark that's rough and deep-ridged to touch. The leaves are human-sized, pronged, and maroon. The fruit is a spherical palm-sized fruit with a smooth shell that is green on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's opalescent and has a mealy texture. The smell is spiced.


DAY 1036:
Came across a fucked up looking animal while delving a fissure today. Definitely noticed me but didn't care at all. Thought about collecting a sample, but I really didn't want to provoke it. It was large. Easily 100 kilograms. It appeared to have scaled skin that was blue, black and spotted. The thing appeared to be herbivorous. It had a scissor and enzyme mouth and 6 compound eyes. It moved by walking through the fissure. A marvelously new creature.


DAY 1037:
Found a iridescent and green rock to add to the samples.


DAY 1038:
Another tree discovered. It's 48 meters tall and 1.0 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark of this tree is spined and has a web of prismatic veins across it. The leaves are hand-sized, ovoid, and pink. The fruit is a ridged head-sized fruit with a soft skin that is blue on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's teal and has a hard texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 1039:



DAY 1040:



DAY 1041:
Another tree discovered. It's 48 meters tall and 3.5 meters across.More samples for the weird room. From a tree this time. The bark is rough patterned and blue. The leaves are hand-sized, pronged, and green. The fruit is a sickle-shaped small berry with a fuzzy husk that is yellow on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's white and has a crisp texture. The smell is rotten.


DAY 1042:
Got a rash from coming into contact with an alien bacterium today.


DAY 1043:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 1997 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 1044:
Found a blue and iridescent crystal to add to the samples. Looks like a transparent monoclinic crystalline structure.


DAY 1045:
Found a black and opalescent crystal to add to the samples. It's a transparent trigonal crystal. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 1046:
This mineral sample I took today is pretty wild. It's a yellow crystal that appears iridescent if you hold it to the light just right. It's a mostly opaque trigonal crystal.


DAY 1047:
Got some samples from one of the trees of interest today. The bark is smooth and iridescent. The leaves are human-sized, pronged, and yellow. The fruit is a prism-like small berry with a smooth shell that is green on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's maroon and has a firm texture. The smell is acetone-like.


DAY 1048:
I was attacked today while exploring a cave. Barely managed to get away. Surprised the hell out of me. I got a decent look at the thing while retreating. It looked to have 3 compound eyes and tan and purple scaled skin. And it was large. Easily 100 kg and possibly much much more.


DAY 1049:
Found one of the organisms of interest today -- a tree, standing around 120 meters tall and with a diameter of around 1.0 meters. The bark of this tree is smooth and has a web of maroon veins across it. The leaves are small, ovoid, and opalescent. The fruit is a toroid pebble-sized berry with a fuzzy husk that is purple on the outside. The inside of the fruit is no less alien. It's pink and has a fibrous texture. The smell is gasoline-like.


DAY 1050:



DAY 1051:
Found a maroon and green rock to add to the samples. Interesting thing here. Appears to be almost physically indestructible and it's also glowing with some kind of energy.


DAY 1052:
Found an interesting bean-shaped bacterium. Samples taken. Initial tests suggest that it might be harmless.


DAY 1053:
Started feeling strange during my expedition today. Getting treated at base right now and it looks like it was a bacterium that I ran into that was attacking my liver.


DAY 1054:
I'm taking the day to rest up a bit. Thank the lord for the mobile base that I'm able to take days like this now and then. As it is I should be back out there tomorrow. Looks like I still have enough supplies for 1986 days. Hopefully I don't need to spend them all hiding in here.


DAY 1055:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with opalescent and blue. This mineral is basically humming with radiation. Lucky I'm wearing protection.


DAY 1056:
Found an interesting mineral today. It's a metal banded with pink and green.


DAY 1057:
Leaving Vzdcyr today after 1057 days of exploring (and surviving) this place.I have 1739 shells of ammunition left and 2149 packs of medicine left and preliminary reports from base suggest my collection of specimens will be worth around 14998 credits. Not a bad haul. Possibly even worth the nightmares I've added to my brain's collection.


